{\rtf1
\b NN+NN\b0\line\line
1. Longitudinal studies are the gold standard in the examination of developmental change ; unfortunately there are few longitudinal studies that focus on normative African American sexual development in \b [NN childhood]\b0  and \b [NN adolescence]\b0  and no studies of African American sexual development across the lifespan per se .\line
2. Before I turn to the Nayaka case it is crucial to stress that this involves a radical shift of scale that too often is concealed by using the same problematic but commonly used English terms \b [NN society]\b0  and \b [NN culture]\b0  for both Nayaka West .\line
3. Directions Combine the ingredients in a bowl away from \b [NN heat]\b0  and \b [NN light]\b0  .\line
4. I am churning with \b [NN anxiety]\b0  and \b [NN nervousness]\b0  , yet it feels exciting this is finally happening to me ....\line
5. After a bit of \b [NN slap]\b0  and \b [NN tickle]\b0  , as Hart put it , we handed the miscreants over to the Canadians , more or less intact .\line
6. Its all about \b [NN customization]\b0  and \b [NN personalization]\b0  .\line
7. Common disordered eating patterns exhibited by female athletes include bulimia , anorexia , \b [NN binging]\b0  or \b [NN purging]\b0  , food restriction , prolonged fasting , diet pill abuse , diuretic abuse , and laxative abuse .\line
8. But Ezell was unconvinced , and once again other jurors pulled out \b [NN testimony]\b0  and \b [NN evidence]\b0  to try to persuade her , to no avail .\line
9. But it high , eating \b [NN birch]\b0  and \b [NN aspen]\b0  .\line
10. Together , we have supported struggling states , such as Haiti , in locking in their transitions to \b [NN democracy]\b0  and \b [NN security]\b0  .\line
11. 23 Clients are routinely tested for syphilis and other infections , since attendance is assumed to show a desire for \b [NN diagnosis]\b0  and \b [NN care]\b0  .\line
12. Individuals defend against the experience of shame in several ways and externalizing their shame by directing \b [NN bullying]\b0  or \b [NN violence]\b0  at others , as discussed earlier ; or Co by substituting emotions more tolerable to the self than shame , such as guilt , sadness , depression , or humiliation , and thus directing the distress onto themselves by internalizing , also discussed earlier .\line
13. These broad and vague ideas limit students ' ability to understand energy transformation and conservation during biological conversion processes such as \b [NN respiration]\b0  and \b [NN photosynthesis]\b0  .\line
14. One holds that it 's a bastardization of the name Possum Mountain because the words for \b [NN opossum]\b0  and \b [NN hog]\b0  were the same in the local Native American dialect .\line
15. The few dissenters among the committee admitted that their objection was not based on concerns about \b [NN safety]\b0  or \b [NN efficacy]\b0  , but rather about the effects of OTC availability of EC on the sexual behavior of research demonstrating that OTC availability of EC does not cause an increase in sexual behavior in adolescents , this concern was used by the FDA administrator to reject the application for its approval .\line
16. Use potting soil with a mixture of \b [NN vermiculite]\b0  and \b [NN sand]\b0  for drainage .\line
17. And so Orange County has Santa Ana , whose residents allow the rest of the county to bask in \b [NN fame]\b0  and \b [NN luxury]\b0  , even as these Santa Anans struggle towards the American dream .\line
\line\line\b NN+NNS\b0\line\line
18. Newer stores have abandoned the old decor - tile flooring and plexiglass walls - for \b [NN carpeting]\b0  and \b [NNS desks]\b0  that give the stores a more professional feel .\line
19. It 's right off the freeway , the crack - and - ho section of town a gentleman , buys \b [NN coffee]\b0  and \b [NNS cigarettes]\b0  .\line
20. Thirty - four percent reported that at least one other family member regularly used \b [NN alcohol]\b0  or \b [NNS drugs]\b0  , and 66 reported minimal or no use of \b [NN alcohol]\b0  or \b [NNS drugs]\b0  by other family members .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NNP\b0\line\line
21. The model was developed , refined , and field - tested in school districts in \b [NNP Florida]\b0  and \b [NNP Colorado]\b0  , and data from the model 's initial evaluation were published in 2009 .\line
22. We will continue to follow late - breaking developments from \b [NNP Aruba]\b0  and \b [NNP Amsterdam]\b0  in the days that follow .\line
23. In \b [NNP September]\b0  and \b [NNP October]\b0  , his army pummeled the Confederates in two major and several minor battles .\line
24. GRAND EUROPEAN TOUR Viking 's most popular trip , this 15-day cruise between \b [NNP Amsterdam]\b0  and \b [NNP Budapest]\b0  starts at 3,162 a person next year .\line
25. Two upcoming priorities were also anticipated , subject to changes on the ground \b [NNP Somalia]\b0  and \b [NNP Zimbabwe]\b0  .\line
26. U.S. Agency for International Development to help create economic policies and taxation systems in post - conflict countries like \b [NNP Montenegro]\b0  and \b [NNP Kosovo]\b0  .\line
27. \b [NNP Talley]\b0  and \b [NNP Jones]\b0  fire in unison , pounding Mars with bullets and knocking him into the Talley hears pounding inside the safe room Jennifer and Thomas He fights his way to the security door , which is covered with flames --\line
28. Deeply dissonant either with the midlife retentivity of Wild Strawberries or the mature festivity of \b [NNP Fanny]\b0  and \b [NNP Alexander]\b0  , Saraband is a work of old age style , very much a reminder of the late works of Ibsen .\line
29. \b [NNP Allie]\b0  and \b [NNP Gram]\b0  are in the kitchen .\line
30. \b [NNP Joe]\b0  and \b [NNP Joel]\b0  , an attorney himself in Birmingham , reap the benefits of her efforts and share in the fun of cooking the produce , supplemented with what Bari gets each week from the local farmers ' market .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NNPS\b0\line\line
31. Like all good Jews who had received visits from \b [NNP God]\b0  or \b [NNPS angels]\b0  before him -- Abraham , Moses -- Joseph does as he is told .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NP\b0\line\line
32. Wiatt has a penchant for \b [NNP Lanvin]\b0  and \b [NP Louis Vuitton]\b0  ; Tisch opts for Chanel and Michael Kors and covets Gucci 's fall collection .\line
\line\line\b NNPS+NN\b0\line\line
33. Because beauty and goodness are inseparable from truth , \b [NNPS ethics]\b0  and \b [NN theology]\b0  are not discrete disciplines but complementary discourses on the same subject .\line
\line\line\b NNS+NN\b0\line\line
34. Give them a circumstance and see how they react to \b [NNS decisions]\b0  and \b [NN uncertainty]\b0  .\line
35. I had to make a choice because I was running out of \b [NNS macaroni]\b0  and \b [NN cheese]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NNS+NNS\b0\line\line
36. \b [NNS Blazars]\b0  and \b [NNS quasars]\b0  are intrinsically the same object - a supermassive black hole with a surrounding accretion disk , producing a jet - but seen at different orientation angles with respect to the jet 's axis .\line
37. \b [NNS Fees]\b0  and \b [NNS permits]\b0  Backcountry permits not required , but fees are for national forest parking and for nights at many backcountry shelters and campsites .\line
38. circles represent processes , rectangles represent \b [NNS files]\b0  and \b [NNS directories]\b0  , and rounded rectangles represent devices .\line
39. We had an advisory printed in the Chronicle not long ago on speckled trout , and even though what my company was supplying to \b [NNS restaurants]\b0  and \b [NNS retailers]\b0  was not local product , demand plummeted .\line
40. A church is comprised of people who are dedicated to practicing through \b [NNS words]\b0  and \b [NNS works]\b0  , senior pastor Sheila Schuller Coleman the daughter of the founder said in a statement .\line
41. Surveying \b [NNS friends]\b0  or \b [NNS colleagues]\b0  who have hired consultants in your area is a said Mr. Cohen , who wrote The Wall Street Professional 's Survival Guide ' .\line
42. Differentiation within the region is marked by preparation methods for beef as well as emphases on cornbread and peach cobbler in the south , rhubarb pie in the north , \b [NNS tortillas]\b0  and \b [NNS sopapillas]\b0  in the southwest , and pickles in two separate clusterings .\line
43. An inextricable link between \b [NNS politics]\b0  and \b [NNS sports]\b0  seems firmly established , perhaps best summed up by George Orwell when he said that sport is war minus the shooting .\line
44. There were \b [NNS woods]\b0  and \b [NNS irons]\b0  enough for each initiate who bedded in the second dorm .\line
45. THE LAST WORD \b [NNS Blueberries]\b0  and \b [NNS raspberries]\b0  are ripe in the north and bountiful crops are being reported .\line
46. As \b [NNS hunters]\b0  and \b [NNS fishermen]\b0  , we face significant criticism from antis .\line
47. Furthermore , nowhere in the article was there mention of what U.S. Catholics could do to help a greater number of \b [NNS men]\b0  and \b [NNS women]\b0  discern religious life - little information on what organizations exist to promote religious vocations or discussion of best practices at the diocesan level to inspire discernment-\line
48. Should \b [NNS gays]\b0  and \b [NNS lesbians]\b0  be able to serve openly in the military ?\line
49. Independently , some teachers already include it in their lesson plans recently a social studies class did a critique of \b [NNS practices]\b0  and \b [NNS policies]\b0  of corporate America .\line
50. Under current global economic conditions , \b [NNS cities]\b0  and \b [NNS regions]\b0  compete with each other and market themselves to attract and retain capital investments .\line
51. He installed the boy in Street , Springmound , and warned him against bringing home unwelcome guests like \b [NNS animals]\b0  or \b [NNS plants]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NN\b0\line\line
52. And my guess is that if you try to get away , Utopia Limited will cut your suit or send out \b [NP tanglefoam]\b0  or \b [NN something]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NP\b0\line\line
53. But my main point here is that \b [NP this article]\b0  and \b [NP others like it]\b0  will help to keep the pressure on att carriers to stay competitive with one another .\line
55. For example , \b [NP Siobhan]\b0  and \b [NP her husband]\b0  were both dedicated sniffers and said that injecting heroin was a line - a point of no return - that they would not cross .\line
56. Athletes ' cognitive appraisal was not influenced by gender ; however , there was a significant interaction between \b [NP gender]\b0  and \b [NP athletic level]\b0  on appraisals .\line
57. But what does it say about us , what does it say about \b [NP CBS]\b0  or \b [NP their employer]\b0  ,\line
58. Regarding assessment of SES , it was decided jointly by nutritionists at \b [NP PAHO headquarters]\b0  and \b [NP the on - site collaborators]\b0  not to measure this variable by administering a formal scale because the data were likely to be of questionable accuracy .\line
59. Here are some examples A priest in Richmond , Virginia appeared in county court on charges of misappropriating as much as 1 million from two parishes he pastured , while supporting \b [NP a secret wife]\b0  and \b [NP three daughters]\b0  in a city 50 miles away .\line
61. At the same time , EHSB was also working closely with CDC counterparts on the other two sides of the disease triangle -- in \b [NP epidemiology]\b0  and \b [NP laboratory sciences]\b0  -- to incorporate EH needs in budget initiatives concerning foodborne and waterborne illness reduction and prevention .\line
63. The key bases for this association were Temporality Lack of pre - metoclopramide depression or suicidal thoughts , \b [NP Temporality Depression]\b0  and \b [NP suicide]\b0  occurred after the start of info , suicide ideation , Biological Plausibility Metoclopramide has centrally nervous system actions , and is an antagonist of dopamine , Biological Coherence Does not conflict with what is known , The absence of an alternative explanation .\line
64. It began with the rifle fire from the back of the field mower -- and an upsurge of wind -- and ended with \b [NP a whinny]\b0  and \b [NP a thud]\b0  , and the horse 's gray legs in the air , hooves clutching at the sky , the mound of my aunt , and a silence so big\line
65. And because it makes \b [NP gay men]\b0  and \b [NP straight women]\b0  around the globe want to marry Colin Firth .\line
66. This sent Squiers into another round of \b [NP thought]\b0  and \b [NP facial manipulation]\b0  .\line
67. And we -- the skin should actually be on , like , the tiger or , like , \b [NP the elephant]\b0  or \b [NP something like that]\b0  .\line
69. The sudden quiet was worse than the noise I could almost feel something sneaking up on me between \b [NP the screen]\b0  and \b [NP the front door]\b0  .\line
70. his home state , his attempts to apply the enlibra philosophy in \b [NP the real world]\b0  and \b [NP the agency]\b0 \line
71. The first morning it 's not \b [NP an affair]\b0  but \b [NP a glowing warmth]\b0  , nobody gets hurt .\line
72. He went seven innings with \b [NP two earned runs]\b0  and \b [NP seven strikeouts]\b0  .\line
73. I must confess that I was pretty dazzled by this field of 3-year - olds , and I am always excited to watch as a Derby dream comes true for \b [NP a horse]\b0  and \b [NP his connections]\b0  .\line
75. For the moment , \b [NP Qatar]\b0  and \b [NP Saudi Arabia]\b0  - tentative friends with a long history of competition - seem to be on the same page .\line
77. In \b [NP Fort Edward]\b0  and \b [NP neighboring Hudson Falls]\b0  , where the Hudson is barely 100 yards wide , GE took over older paper factories right on the river .\line
79. \b [NP She]\b0  and \b [NP her husband]\b0  lived above the store .\line
80. Studies of Transcendental Meditation interventions in predominantly African American secondary and middle school students have shown decreased cardiovascular reactivity to stressful stimuli , lower rates of school absenteeism , rule infractions and suspensions , and \b [NP improved emotional regulation]\b0  and \b [NP well - being]\b0  .\line
81. \b [NP Aziz]\b0  and \b [NP other defense witnesses]\b0  have argued that the killings were justified and they say members of the current Iraqi government have blood on their hands as well .\line
82. His 2005 - 06 seasons , when he combined for \b [NP 19 interceptions]\b0  and \b [NP 401 interception - return yards]\b0  , were among the best defensive back seasons ever .\line
83. Now , more tests and surgeries have been ordered in the past couple of years , and \b [NP jobs]\b0  and \b [NP the cost of health care]\b0  are increasing with the rise in services .\line
84. Third , all data are based on self - reports of \b [NP religious practices]\b0  and \b [NP attitudes]\b0  and drinking frequency ; although such measures are unavailable , it would be optimal to have observational data as well .\line
85. A total of 3,387 persons returned \b [NP the address]\b0  and \b [NP no available forwarding address]\b0  .\line
86. You put \b [NP four cups of water]\b0  and \b [NP four fat]\b0  .\line
87. Like how it was between \b [NP the old man]\b0  and \b [NP your mom]\b0  , not just a slap for her when she got under his skin , but the full , blind fury of his tortured soul .\line
88. She gazed out at \b [NP the bay]\b0  and \b [NP the bridge]\b0  , tried to let the lilt of the water and the sinewy , muscular cables mold her back into what she used to be .\line
90. \b [NP Chef Douglas Keane]\b0  and \b [NP general manager Nick Peyton]\b0  show off The Chronicle\line
91. Informing \b [NP the public]\b0  and \b [NP the U.S. government]\b0  about world geography has long been a mission of the AGS , and now the Society renews this commitment .\line
93. Pressures from \b [NP governing bodies]\b0  and \b [NP private citizens]\b0  alike have prompted most scientific organizations and SETI research facilities to ourselves away .\line
94. The query letter should be tailored to \b [NP the publication]\b0  and \b [NP the market the publication serves]\b0  .\line
95. One of the realities of a life in the arts in this country is that theater directors rarely achieve the renown they 're accorded in \b [NP Europe]\b0  and \b [NP other parts of the world]\b0  ; the path to real celebrity - if that 's what one is after - is movies , and only stage directors who traverse both worlds , like a Mike Nichols or a Julie Taymor , achieve national visibility .\line
96. Under anti - indecency rules , radio stations and over - the - air television channels are barred from broadcasting references to sexual and excretory functions between \b [NP 6 a.m.]\b0  and \b [NP 10 p.m]\b0  , when children are most inclined to watch .\line
97. With \b [NP 30,000 active wells]\b0  and \b [NP 30,000 more]\b0  expected in the next few years , Colorado needs a commission with member - experts in public health , local government , wildlife / environment , agriculture , and soil conservation / reclamation .\line
98. Together they hustled Clyde into the building , a wide single room of unpainted concrete , dappled with lichen and reeking of mildew , empty but for \b [NP lab tables]\b0  and \b [NP a filing cabinet]\b0  , the floors littered with glass and other debris .\line
99. Additional possible single cases after \b [NP corneal transplant]\b0  or \b [NP keratoplasty]\b0  in Japan , United Kingdom , Brazil and New Zealand was prepared in the United States ; that given in Qatar was prepared in France .\line
100. But according to Kassem , Hizbullah 's coordination with the Palestinian groups to date has been limited , not because of a lack of desire on \b [NP Iran]\b0  and \b [NP Hizbullah 's]\b0  part to gain a foothold inside the West Bank and Gaza , but because Hizbullah does not trust the Palestinians .\line
101. I invited \b [NP his family]\b0  and \b [NP all our friends]\b0  .\line
102. on drops , sets and releases under the watchful eyes of \b [NP coordinator Greg Knapp]\b0  and \b [NP QB coach John DeFilippo]\b0  .\line
105. He opened doors with his mild and always elegant gender - bending , putting women in \b [NP pants]\b0  and \b [NP safari looks]\b0  .\line
107. Because nobody 's throwing money at me to , you know , by \b [NP my father]\b0  and \b [NP my grandfather 's standard]\b0  .\line
108. But now , except for \b [NP Hugh]\b0  and \b [NP this little intruder]\b0  , everyone was asleep .\line
109. Security is sometimes overlooked if the PDA is being used without \b [NP an EMR]\b0  and \b [NP intuitional support]\b0  , but it is just as important in a stand - alone PDA if it is being used to record patient information .\line
110. Like , for a split second Perry can remember \b [NP his name]\b0  and \b [NP a few other pertinent facts]\b0  , and he realizes the miracle of someone like Em agreeing to marry someone like him , even for eleven months .\line
111. We discovered to our surprise and relief and suspicion that knowledge of the terrain was secondary to a willingness to enter it , and that we could be taught anything necessary to support \b [NP this]\b0  or \b [NP any other cause]\b0  in a relatively short time .\line
112. With \b [NP the youthful cast]\b0  and \b [NP the modern score]\b0  , many have already begun to compare the show with Rent .\line
113. Yet , when one examines the few comments Richter actually makes about his and Eggeling 's search for a universal language in \b [NP their scrolls]\b0  and \b [NP abstract films]\b0  , what is interesting is that , to a large extent , he employs secular , materialist , even scientific language , and avoids talk of a language of paradise , magic , and incantatory powers .\line
114. He 'll listen to the arguments of those who are challenging Roe v. Wade , he will listen to those trying to uphold it , and he will make a decision not based on \b [NP politics]\b0  but \b [NP the rule of law]\b0  .\line
115. \b [NP Jimmy]\b0  and \b [NP I]\b0  walked out .\line
116. In \b [NP R.K. Hester]\b0  and \b [NP W.R. Miller]\b0  , Handbook of alcoholism treatment approaches Effective alternatives .\line
117. 100 PR ; 100 4 language - based Colombian ; \b [NP 88 DR items]\b0  and \b [NP thinking]\b0  from general Hispanic Short Acculturation Community in Scale .\line
118. The thing that makes this election different is that all of the old assumptions are not mentioned and others - Virginia and \b [NP Colorado]\b0  and \b [NP New Mexico]\b0  and other states that were Bush states , for example , in the past who really want change in the direction of this country and we 're going to compete in all of those states .\line
119. Does voucher funding affect \b [NP institutional culture]\b0  and \b [NP strategic planning]\b0  ?\line
120. INBio is an NGO with very strong links to the Costa Rican government and has advised it on many issues related to \b [NP bioprospecting]\b0  and \b [NP biodiversity information]\b0  .\line
121. Perhaps he wanted photographs of the position of \b [NP shutters]\b0  or \b [NP whatever]\b0  , because to prove a break - in -- or what a break - in means , in the Bahamas anyway , is it implies forced entry .\line
122. In the woods , a cozy and rustic style that includes \b [NP bright yellow]\b0  and \b [NP fluorescent pink]\b0  ; melting pot , with crushed raspberry , tomato red and petrol blue ; mini paradise , a playful theme with happy colors ; and limited edition , a sophisticated style driven by intense dark tones plus that petrol and a dazzling fuchsia .\line
123. Personally I have found this to be very fulfilling , says Armstrong , an amiable Californian with \b [NP a mild manner]\b0  and \b [NP a cando presence]\b0  .\line
124. Moreover , it develops and activates the ability to work for longer periods of time as well as controlling all organs of the body in a way that guarantees the diminishing and prevention of \b [NP aggressive behaviour]\b0  and \b [NP motor hyperactivity]\b0  .\line
125. \b [NP He]\b0  and \b [NP his stupid friends]\b0  were right on Dusty 's tail .\line
126. The view of the poor is also crowded with the unpleasant humiliation of being unable to provide for \b [NP themselves]\b0  and \b [NP their families]\b0  , and with the ugly scorn of those who see them as miserable or pitiable freeloaders and failures .\line
127. Beds and dressers were going , and so were \b [NP books and records]\b0  and \b [NP garden tools]\b0  .\line
128. Clinton had made \b [NP one major speech]\b0  and \b [NP several other appearances]\b0  earlier that day , and was due in Chicago that night .\line
129. The congressman figures he can handle \b [NP the voting]\b0  and \b [NP the committee work]\b0  up here in Washington , says Jeff Deist , Paul 's chief of staff .\line
130. The correlation between \b [NP REARecall]\b0  and \b [NP CMP]\b0  is in the predicted direction .\line
131. Disease has often functioned both as a significant historical variable and as an occasion for \b [NP unethical and disrespectful medical treatment]\b0  and \b [NP research]\b0  among Native American populations within the United States .\line
132. What is most striking about the emails is the tone of the conversation , particularly between \b [NP the president]\b0  and \b [NP his wife]\b0  .\line
133. Organizations like \b [NP the Child Labor Coalition]\b0  and \b [NP the Sustainable Tree Crops Program]\b0  have taken on the most fundamental and necessary task of all farmers how to market their products , what buyers are looking for , how to increase production of higher - quality cocoa , and how to steer clear of middlemen .\line
134. It had happened often in \b [NP the year]\b0  and \b [NP two months]\b0  since Quinton enrolled in the biophysics program at the University for Advanced Research .\line
135. I appreciate everybody saying beautiful things about me , but I ' ve heard \b [NP some beautiful voices]\b0  and \b [NP beautiful songs]\b0  , he says .\line
136. Students in rural communities are good barometers of \b [NP the quality of life]\b0  and \b [NP outcomes]\b0  that may be far removed from the frantic pace of change experienced by their urban counterparts .\line
137. I 'd brought \b [NP a bag of nuts]\b0  and \b [NP two packets of orange juice]\b0  .\line
139. The pie line includes a thick , bakery - style pan , lattice tops , unique flavors such as Razzleberry , and pies that do n't have \b [NP more money]\b0  or \b [NP more personnel]\b0  , Mitzner says .\line
141. \b [NP oneallwashpost.com Polling director Jon Cohen]\b0  and \b [NP polling manager Peyton M. Craighill]\b0  contributed to this report .\line
142. But the board says \b [NP the books]\b0  and \b [NP the speeches]\b0  are an integral part of its mission by raising public awareness and generating contributions .\line
143. If you find yourself in a situation in which \b [NP you]\b0  and \b [NP your friend]\b0  both want to a coin .\line
145. \b [NP Mystery meat]\b0  and \b [NP its ilk]\b0  are no longer good enough .\line
146. Considering my lack of church attendance I did n't feel comfy asking the Holy Mother for help , so I gave Bella \b [NP a weak smile]\b0  and \b [NP a small wave]\b0  .\line
147. Although adult sawfish eat fish , juveniles use their saws like shovels to excavate \b [NP crabs]\b0  and \b [NP other marine life]\b0  from sediments .\line
148. CA EDITOR 'S NOTE Use the Kitchen Assistant on Sunset.com to find \b [NP this]\b0  and \b [NP other great recipes]\b0  from our archive .\line
149. Reference Crossville 26;1547;TOOLONG or 484 - 2110 Euro - Tile www.euro-tile.com or 387 - 6845 GlasTile ; \b [NP Marble Resources www.maestromosaics.com]\b0  or \b [NP 670 - 4400 Interstyle Ceramic]\b0  ; Glass www.interstyle.bc.ca or 421 - 7229 Msup 2 Innovative Concepts http //kaleidoscopetile.com\line
150. While there have been several studies examining the impact of 9/11 on the general as well as distinct particular , \b [NP residents of New York City]\b0  and \b [NP Arab Americans]\b0  , little has been published concerning the specific influence of September 11 , 2001 on college students .\line
151. If With regret , I announce the deaths of \b [NP Douglas T. Browne]\b0  and \b [NP Jon D. Price]\b0  .\line
152. As Role Models Two of the few researchers studying the mathematics performance of Black children have found that a negative relationship apparently exists between \b [NP Black children]\b0  and \b [NP the mathematics education process]\b0  .\line
153. Professor Lori Marino used MRI scans to map the brains of dolphin species and found that \b [NP the cerebral cortex]\b0  and \b [NP the neocortex of bottlenose dolphins]\b0  are so large that dolphins cognitive capacity is second only to humans .\line
155. That does n't help me with \b [NP her]\b0  and \b [NP her lousy teaching]\b0  all semester .\line
158. The issues of \b [NP ecology]\b0  and \b [NP respect for nature]\b0  are at the heart of the grassroots critics ' perspective .\line
160. Although in practice the nave is primarily the congregational space of the laity , by the mid - thirteenth century the Franciscan order was dominated by \b [NP highly educated clerics]\b0  and \b [NP masters of theology]\b0  .\line
161. She made frequent trips to the now - defunct Hechinger 's hardware store on Wisconsin Avenue , in Tenleytown , as she refurbished two rowhouses , \b [NP one in Dupont Circle]\b0  and \b [NP the other in Kalorama]\b0  .\line
162. scales with endpoints -4 and +4 and 0 between \b [NP homosexuality]\b0  and \b [NP mental illness]\b0  .\line
164. Visual functioning could be optimized using \b [NP optical aids]\b0  and \b [NP adaptive devices]\b0  , but for many participants , their visual function had deteriorated so much that even the use of these devices had proved fruitless .\line
168. When taken daily during the time of exposure to influenza have also reduced the severity of \b [NP illness]\b0  and \b [NP subsequent complications]\b0  when taken within 48 hours of onset .\line
169. Fleeing in anything capable of flight , the clan - \b [NP the able]\b0  and \b [NP the infirm]\b0  , the children and the adult and the elderly - raced the oncoming navies .\line
170. And at many sites , \b [NP rock - cut chamber tombs]\b0  and \b [NP stone - built tholos tombs]\b0  containing stunning gold masks , bronze weapons and armor , and imported gems and pottery create a picture of an impressive elite society .\line
171. Spectators will enter through large , tented buffer zones between \b [NP the outside elements]\b0  and \b [NP the surface of the ice]\b0  . '\line
172. In The World Health Report 2007 , the WHO reiterated that an influenza pandemic currently poses the greatest threat to international public health and that the question of a pandemic of influenza from \b [NP this virus H5N1]\b0  or \b [NP another avian influenza virus]\b0  is still a matter of when , not Possible alternatives that would reduce the risks of contact could , for instance , include replacing large industrial units with several smaller - scale production units containing lower densities of animals .\line
173. Bhutto herself and people around her suggested very strongly after the attacks in October that there was some collusion between \b [NP elements of the security services]\b0  and \b [NP the bombers]\b0  .\line
174. There was , of course , the awful scandal at Baylor involving the shooting death of \b [NP Patrick Dennehy]\b0  and \b [NP Dave Bliss]\b0  , the coach , being caught on tape telling assistants that they should blame Dennehy when the NCAA came to town , since he was n't around to defend himself .\line
175. She never left his side , not for \b [NP a day]\b0  or \b [NP a night]\b0  .\line
178. That is on the moderate to low side , according to \b [NP computer experts]\b0  and \b [NP authorities who track such things]\b0  .\line
179. \b [NP Italian troops in Somalia]\b0  and \b [NP Bulgarian troops in Cambodia]\b0  were accused of sexual abuses .\line
180. The Kuiper Belt A ring of millions of icy and rocky objects orbiting the sun beyond the orbits of \b [NP Neptune]\b0  and \b [NP Pluto 2006]\b0  From Cape Canaveral , Fla .\line
181. The blaze is near an area where a wildfire burned \b [NP almost 10 square miles]\b0  and \b [NP 169 homes]\b0  last month .\line
182. If Vietnam wants to compete on \b [NP a global market]\b0  and \b [NP trade amongst nations]\b0  , it needs to first provide basic human rights for its citizens .\line
183. Last Romney has been in 22 contested elections , not counting caucuses - \b [NP primaries]\b0  and \b [NP general elections]\b0  .\line
184. ONLY FIVE YEARS AGO , \b [NP the coal industry]\b0  and \b [NP the Bush administration]\b0  were assuring us that newfangled coal\line
185. So I ' m -- I hope it 's \b [NP more of tweaking]\b0  and \b [NP a little sense of play]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NX\b0\line\line
186. You can either buy \b [NP the brownies]\b0  and \b [NX chocolate sauce]\b0  or make them yourself .\line
187. The combination of experience and enthusiasm has given the operation the ability to persevere in our most recent recession , despite the difficulties of \b [NP declining sales]\b0  and \b [NX average ticket]\b0  .\line
188. Just me , searching the Web to gauge how much \b [NP the prewar Lionel trains]\b0  and \b [NX rolling stock]\b0  in the box at my feet might be worth .\line
\line\line\b NX+NX\b0\line\line
189. A t - test for independent samples was used to compare the \b [NX means]\b0  and \b [NX standard deviation]\b0  of the treatment group 's and the control group 's student , teacher , and parent quantitative data to between the groups .\line
190. In addition , due to the resonator 's \b [NX finite stretching]\b0  and \b [NX consequent tensioning]\b0  , there is an intrinsic mechanical nonlinearity that is easily observable for modest mechanical amplitudes .\line
191. In 2003 , YURI SHCHEKOCHIKHIN , a \b [NX journalist]\b0  and \b [NX parliament member]\b0  investigating corruption , was hospitalized with a high fever and severe vomiting .\line
192. The company already has committed to meeting the program 's stricter 2006 requirements , says Jeff Medanich , McStain 's \b [NX building scientist]\b0  and \b [NX special projects manager]\b0  .\line
193. It 's interesting , Kyra , because the conventional wisdom is , of course , that Nixon swore the appearance and some \b [NX perspiration]\b0  and \b [NX furtive glance]\b0  of his eyes in that first televised debate caused him problems in the race .\line
\line\line\b VB+VB\b0\line\line
194. Strangely enough , he felt no urge to run , to \b [VB hiss]\b0  and \b [VB spit]\b0  .\line
195. It is about connecting to culture and about strategically identifying and using specific cultural one culture or historical moment to \b [VB accept]\b0  or \b [VB reject]\b0  .\line
196. We have encouraged your first steps by making your two neighboring worlds easier to \b [VB reach]\b0  and \b [VB inhabit]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VBD+VBD\b0\line\line
197. He was teasing , but beyond the sparkles in his eyes was a river of hope , a hope that \b [VBD ebbed]\b0  and \b [VBD flowed]\b0  , but never went away .\line
\line\line\b VBN+VBN\b0\line\line
198. It was an odd layout , but maybe there was something beneath that could n't be \b [VBN moved]\b0  or \b [VBN altered]\b0  , so the passage simply had to go over it .\line
199. and it was 1974 , when all the country was \b [VBN bruised]\b0  and \b [VBN battered]\b0  and Californians wanted badly to stand apart from the nation 's mess .\line
200. Online journaling with blogs and discussion forums using wikis are also \b [VBN taught]\b0  and \b [VBN supported]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VP+VP\b0\line\line
202. Lyndell \b [VP whistled]\b0  and \b [VP shook his head]\b0  .\line
203. Riders can \b [VP churn up hills]\b0  or \b [VP blast twisty singletrack with ease]\b0  .\line
206. In a similar but much milder way , those strong feelings might make healthy people \b [VP drop their jaw]\b0  or \b [VP feel weak at the knees]\b0  , Nishino says .\line
209. I was \b [VP nodding my head]\b0  and \b [VP smiling]\b0  .\line
215. Anticipating the movements of other cars , such as at a four - way stop -- Staying in lane -- \b [VP Changing lanes]\b0  and \b [VP merging with traffic]\b0  --\line
217. When I \b [VP woke up]\b0  and \b [VP opened the door]\b0  , it was just smoke .\line
223. If , however , the beginning of the echo reaches your ears at the same time as the original sound is ending In the duck 's case , the quack \b [VP begins softly]\b0  and \b [VP ends loudly]\b0  , so the soft early echo is sometimes drowned out by the louder original end sound .\line
224. They had been encouraged by the council to \b [VP respect my privacy]\b0  and \b [VP leave]\b0  .\line
226. No one could \b [VP hurt you there]\b0  or \b [VP tear you into pieces]\b0  .\line
229. For all the elbowing that 's gone on , for all the machinations of the states to \b [VP go up]\b0  and \b [VP be first]\b0  , or be second or third , or be relevant , really , whoever wins Iowa is going to get a huge bump .\line
231. And if you have questions about new technologies you ' ve \b [VP encountered]\b0  or \b [VP heard about]\b0  , we want to hear from you , too .\line
234. When it was over , he \b [VP hugged his family]\b0  and \b [VP wiped away tears]\b0  .\line
239. He glared at me for a long moment , then \b [VP stood up]\b0  and \b [VP looked around]\b0  .\line
241. He did as Manuel instructed and waited another six weeks before he had a full transplant of hair , not gray , but dark brown , \b [VP combed back from his forehead]\b0  and \b [VP cut into a shorter style]\b0  .\line
243. Today were just trying to \b [VP go back]\b0  and \b [VP put some more pieces together]\b0  .\line
245. Sidebar Critics worry that it will only be a matter of time before a synthetic life form \b [VP is released]\b0  and \b [VP runs amok]\b0  or a disaster at a nanotechnology plant creates a major health crisis .\line
248. If they want to \b [VP play lacrosse]\b0  and \b [VP work hard in school]\b0  , it does n't really matter where they 're from .\line
250. The car that \b [VP ran a red light]\b0  and \b [VP broadsided Hannah]\b0  .\line
251. Then his eyes widen in shock , because He sees his ex - wife Ruth \b [VP emerge from the church]\b0  and \b [VP console Ethan and Grace]\b0  .\line
254. These musings take her through the LIVING ROOM to the entrance of the HALLWAY where she \b [VP pauses]\b0  and \b [VP looks both ways]\b0  .\line
256. He said \b [VP Come]\b0  and \b [VP have lunch]\b0  .\line
263. The apprentice moved aside and let Quinn enter , then \b [VP leaned out]\b0  and \b [VP pulled the door shut]\b0  .\line
266. He trotted up from A Ring , wearing only a loincloth and his stickums , \b [VP panting like a dog]\b0  and \b [VP sweating rivers]\b0  .\line
267. To be certain , I \b [VP drew her skirts up]\b0  and \b [VP examined her womanhood]\b0  .\line
273. Neil Armstrong said , I \b [VP put up my thumb]\b0  and \b [VP shut one eye]\b0  , and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth .\line
274. He \b [VP picked up his work pack]\b0  and \b [VP walked over to her]\b0  .\line
275. But the stranger 's eyes \b [VP swept past the others]\b0  and \b [VP came annoyance]\b0  , she realized her face was burning .\line
277. We \b [VP passed my garden path]\b0  and \b [VP did n't walk onto it]\b0  .\line
279. Villanueva \b [VP turned]\b0  and \b [VP walked away]\b0  .\line
281. A mezuzah rested comfortably in the cradle of her throat , catching a shaft of sunlight and spraying it around as she \b [VP shifted her body]\b0  and \b [VP tried to get comfortable]\b0  ; her hair was still wet from the shower .\line
282. Stephen Gordon insists he \b [VP was duped by Paul]\b0  and \b [VP has appealed his conviction]\b0  .\line
284. Moral Bands stayed together for a few months , then they 'd \b [VP run out of bookings]\b0  and \b [VP break up]\b0  .\line
285. They do nt have the confidence to \b [VP buy more equipment]\b0  or \b [VP build a new factory]\b0  .\line
287. Also , while you 're playing , you can hit the odd tom - tom without having to \b [VP cross over]\b0  or \b [VP do anything awkward]\b0  .\line
288. We spent a lot of time so far tonight talking about the comments of Barack Obama , that he said about our troops that they are \b [VP air- raiding villages]\b0  and \b [VP killing civilians]\b0  .\line
289. Henry is not sickhe \b [VP eats whatever food remains]\b0  and \b [VP dines again with the sailors]\b0  .\line
290. She returns it by \b [VP holding up the keys]\b0  and \b [VP dangling them]\b0  .\line
295. He \b [VP glanced at her]\b0  and \b [VP snapped the fan off]\b0  .\line
296. We conclude with an appeal for recognizing the distinctions between conflict over water and the equally strong story for cooperation as a means to \b [VP capture opportunities]\b0  and \b [VP address threats at all levels]\b0  .\line
298. She thought maybe she could \b [VP distract him]\b0  and \b [VP soothe him alternately]\b0  .\line
300. She did n't \b [VP cover herself]\b0  or \b [VP jump off the washer]\b0  .\line
303. The fighters \b [VP smoke]\b0  and \b [VP stay silent]\b0  .\line
306. With respect to the male students , female teachers behaved less aggressively but they \b [VP favoured female students]\b0  and \b [VP spoke fast in teaching process]\b0  .\line
308. Even in pardoning the woman taken in adultery , Jesus adds the proviso \b [VP Go]\b0  and \b [VP sin no more]\b0  .\line
312. Abe stood on the station porch and squinted under his too - large hat ; his beard \b [VP caught the afternoon light]\b0  and \b [VP burnt a coppery red]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+ADJP\b0\line\line
316. The \b [ADJP softly structured]\b0  but \b [ADJP square - shouldered]\b0  , neutral - colored pantsuits with off - white round - necked silk blouses were Jackie 's work staples .\line
317. He was \b [ADJP very kind]\b0  and \b [ADJP loving]\b0  and very generous , very family - oriented , very married Christian man .\line
318. It was \b [ADJP seven pages long]\b0  and \b [ADJP typewritten]\b0  , though the typeface did n't match that of the first letter .\line
\line\line\b JJ+JJ\b0\line\line
319. The northern sea roiled below him , \b [JJ choppy]\b0  and \b [JJ dark]\b0  , the irregular white circles of breaking surf denoting the thousands of uncharted islands that poked through the water 's surface .\line
320. To help children translate their sounds into \b [JJ invented]\b0  or \b [JJ standard]\b0  musical notation rather than letters , Mrs. Davis would use questions and prompts such as , How many sounds did you make ?\line
321. It is difficult for us to realize that Newman , now safely beatified , was once the subject of frequent delations to Rome as \b [JJ dangerous]\b0  and \b [JJ untrustworthy]\b0  .\line
322. We conclude this first probe with a formula that expresses the relationship between \b [JJ general]\b0  or \b [JJ formal]\b0  ecclesiology and congregational studies .\line
323. They had to by way of \b [JJ American]\b0  and \b [JJ French]\b0  medical teams cut off his right leg from the knee down and cut off his left foot .\line
324. Superstitions and myths are \b [JJ timeless]\b0  and \b [JJ universal]\b0  , and so are the people who exploit them , whether Holocaust deniers , race supremacists or conspiracy theorists .\line
325. Further define your seating space with an area rug -- aim for a \b [JJ white]\b0  or \b [JJ taupe]\b0  hue .\line
326. The light here was \b [JJ bright]\b0  and \b [JJ startling]\b0  , drawing his attention to the west .\line
327. When a \b [JJ prominent]\b0  but \b [JJ controversial]\b0  figure lives to the age of 98 , we can be sure that members of the press have spent at least a decade considering their characterizations .\line
328. She had marketed \b [JJ new]\b0  and \b [JJ old]\b0  chips to various consumer groups .\line
329. Perhaps because of a \b [JJ small]\b0  but \b [JJ steady]\b0  extra level of stress from territorial defense , males , but not females , tend to lose weight over the course of their tenure on a territory , which often lasts five years or more .\line
330. Otherwise , it 's \b [JJ tough]\b0  and \b [JJ stringy]\b0  .\line
331. And by the end of the fourth quarter , O'Connor hopes to have engaged a recruiting firm to hire both a chief financial officer and a chief operating officer -- a replacement for myself , quite frankly , someone who has a lot more breadth and depth , O'Connor says , describing the ideal candidate as someone with \b [JJ corporate]\b0  and \b [JJ global]\b0  experience .\line
332. \b [JJ Legal]\b0  and \b [JJ institutional]\b0  conventions often lag behind public opinion .\line
333. And \b [JJ slow]\b0  and \b [JJ steady]\b0  really does win the race .\line
334. Chicago politics is \b [JJ ethnic]\b0  and \b [JJ racial]\b0  , and if you 're going to be successful , you have to build coalitions and make accommodation among all the interests , says Kent Redfield , a political scientist at University of Illinois , Springfield .\line
335. A \b [JJ rustic]\b0  and \b [JJ charming]\b0  old road - house with 20 rooms ; serves three daily meals .\line
336. In generations past , when \b [JJ white]\b0  or \b [JJ black]\b0  married an American Indians , their children became half - breeds , as though less than whole .\line
337. The second category of people who made friends with Harry almost instantaneously were \b [JJ Italian]\b0  and \b [JJ French]\b0  young women .\line
338. These results are parallel with the findings of Pourafkari , Mobini showing that mother 's psychopathology has an effect on \b [JJ exiting]\b0  and \b [JJ behavioral]\b0  occurrence in children and adolescents .\line
339. Other obstacles the lack of Palestinian unity and the collapse of Palestinian \b [JJ political]\b0  and \b [JJ economic]\b0  institutions .\line
340. The baby was \b [JJ healthy]\b0  and \b [JJ whole]\b0  , was she not ?\line
341. They preached social values , but made fewer investments in Companies such as ExxonMobil , she says , face lawsuits and a public backlash when they fall short on \b [JJ environmental]\b0  and \b [JJ social]\b0  issues .\line
342. That 's an \b [JJ old]\b0  and \b [JJ tired]\b0  question - so old and so tired\line
\line\line\b JJR+JJR\b0\line\line
343. Since it first appeared in southern China in 1997 , the virus has mutated , becoming \b [JJR heartier]\b0  and \b [JJR deadlier]\b0  and killing a National Academy of Science 's Institute of Medicine flu report , the current ongoing epidemic of H5N1 avian influenza in Asia is unprecedented in its scale , in its spread , and in the economic losses it has caused .\line
344. She could still hear the voices , echoing in the distance , becoming \b [JJR louder]\b0  and \b [JJR louder]\b0  that ?\line
\line\line\b RB+RB\b0\line\line
345. She 'd dripped tears on his face , finally screaming , Help \b [RB over]\b0  and \b [RB over]\b0  again until her mother her .\line
346. for new writers , who must think \b [RB long]\b0  and \b [RB hard]\b0  about their subject matter .\line
347. A single bolt does it all without alteration and the barrels are \b [RB easily]\b0  and \b [RB quickly]\b0  interchanged with a hex tool .\line
348. I have written \b [RB back]\b0  and \b [RB forth]\b0  with Rev.\line
349. Considering that dozens of fantasy films are about to descend upon theaters , a response to the multi - billion - dollar box - office spells cast worldwide by The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the Harry Potter series , the kitschy creature was fated to return \b [RB sooner]\b0  or \b [RB later]\b0  . '\line
\line\line\b RBR+RBR\b0\line\line
350. Sauer , an opera buff , says living with Tuck keeps me amused , and describes his friend as having boundless energy that , over the years , Tuck has learned \b [RBR more]\b0  and \b [RBR more]\b0  how to channel .\line
351. The country was fatter than ever , diabetes was becoming epidemic , and people were getting \b [RBR more]\b0  and \b [RBR more]\b0  frustrated and confused .\line
}