{\rtf1
\b NP+VP\b0\line\line
1. A study of ethical difficulties faced by school counselors found that the two most challenging dilemmas concerned situations that frequently occur with \b [NP suicidal students student confidentiality of personal disclosures]\b0  and \b [VP acting on information regarding danger to self or others]\b0  .\line
2. He speaks forcefully on behalf of introducing \b [NP more merit pay for good teachers]\b0  and \b [VP dispensing with bad ones]\b0  , and creating more charter schools because of their successes .\line
3. say something like , you 're not worried about \b [NP taxes for rich people]\b0  or \b [VP being over - taxed]\b0  .\line
4. 5th , is \b [NP the poet - singer 's first set of original songs since 2004 's Trampin ']\b0  and \b [VP took more than two years to make]\b0  .\line
5. Most kidnapping victims , \b [NP families in Cite Soleil]\b0  and \b [VP held there]\b0  .\line
6. It comes to me , too , that sex , \b [NP lots of it]\b0  and \b [VP quickly done]\b0  , helps allay doubts about our future with each other .\line
7. I find the whole argument relatively amusing , given that they have done \b [NP nothing]\b0  but \b [VP criticize Bush administration foreign policy]\b0  and now claim that Bush is moving in their direction , Scheunemann said .\line
8. And it was only with the introduction of this new - of these new transport routes , of these new - \b [NP really the human movement to the rise of cities the chimpanzee population]\b0  and \b [VP starts an epidemic among the human population , you know , and became what we see today]\b0  .\line
9. The interlocking roots of these trees , which thrive in salty marshes and muddy waters , also prevent \b [NP coastline erosion]\b0  and \b [VP filter river - borne debris]\b0  , keeping it from washing ou into the ocean .\line
10. \b [NP branch]\b0  and \b [VP was evidently considered by the members on the From July 5 to July 16]\b0 \line
11. So \b [NP millions of dollars]\b0  and \b [VP lives at stake]\b0  , and we 're going with the Match Box car plan .\line
12. Almost all existing work on sequential model - based optimization focuses on a setting known as blackbox function optimization , with resulting procedures suffering from the same shortcomings as standard numerical optimization procedures , in that they do not support categorical and conditional parameters nor provide mechanisms for effectively dealing with \b [NP sets of inputs]\b0  and \b [VP capping of runs]\b0  .\line
13. it - \b [NP just - a - fine - day look on her face]\b0  and \b [VP came out from behind the tree]\b0  .\line
14. Boulder Reservoir , 303 - 786 - 9255 , 26;546;TOOLONG CitySolve Urban Race Saturday Teams solve \b [NP clues]\b0  and \b [VP complete tasks that take them to 10 checkpoints located noon]\b0  .\line
15. A human form , \b [NP an adult form]\b0  but \b [VP curled foetally]\b0  .\line
16. Sitting on whatever stolen money the man was able to hide , and \b [NP nothing to do with its days]\b0  but \b [VP get angrier and angrier about the son - of - abitch that made this happen]\b0  .\line
17. One day we would find Plexiglas used instead of glass for all windows , the next a cheap heating system , the third dangerous and substandard electrical wiring , and the fourth something else , and so we had to bring in relatives and friends , the other side of the family with useful skills , appliance merchants and architects and traders , to fight and cajole on our behalf , the way negotiations are done in the Middle East , with \b [NP argument and threats and sweet talk]\b0  and \b [VP calling each other Muslim brother and giving each other tea with sugar cubes and swearing up and down to Imam Ali and prophet Abolfazl , that I will walk away , that I can not afford any more , that I will go to the Ministry , that I will tear up the contract]\b0 \line
18. Transformation providing \b [NP professional development and coaching]\b0  and \b [VP changing the curriculum]\b0  , and hiring a new principal .\line
19. He was \b [NP anything]\b0  but \b [VP exonerated]\b0  .\line
20. Schrock suggested the computer programs Readability Calculations and Vocabulary Assessor in Readability Plus , \b [NP a package available in versions for the appropriate grade level of written text]\b0  and \b [VP supports the readability formulas for Dale - Chall , Fry , Flesch Grade Level]\b0  ,\line
21. Sidebar fire hats at work and on parade Early in the 18th century , firemen 's uniforms featured \b [NP protective headgear made from leather , oilcloth , or pressed fraternal pride]\b0  and \b [VP identify the wearer 's fire company]\b0  .\line
22. Beneath the center of the balloon , was \b [NP a frame of light wood , about nine feet long ,]\b0  and \b [VP rigged on to the balloon itself with a network in the customary manner]\b0  .\line
23. If he has so much time to complain , then he has enough time to start a garden , fix up a bike , start running , coach a youth team , or volunteer at the ASPCA -- \b [NP anything]\b0  but \b [VP wallow in]\b0  , and when my wife realized that empathy was n't working , she gave me a swift kick in the ass and told me what I was taking for granted .\line
24. So began a remarkable chapter in American journalism \b [NP a newspaper published by a church , aimed at a general rather than a denominational audience ,]\b0  and \b [VP promising coverage that was global in scope and constructive in character]\b0  .\line
25. Voids are \b [NP a nightmare]\b0  and \b [VP initialed by the employee and his supervisor]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+PP\b0\line\line
26. like it 's \b [NP the best thing in the world]\b0  but \b [PP entirely for fun]\b0  , and they try to live in a state of deep relaxation .\line
27. Saut onion and next 3 ingrethents in hot drippings \b [NP 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until tender]\b0  .\line
28. Memories of childhood - \b [NP rough bangs on the arm passion]\b0  and \b [PP in surprise at the violence from the man she had believed to have been at first so kind]\b0  - the thing about thought , Avery surmised with such coolness and rationality as he swung his feet back onto the floor and took a good stance at the window , is that it allows you to range so far and wide .\line
29. A severe thunderstorm watch was just issued for \b [NP parts of Missouri]\b0  and \b [PP into Central Illinois]\b0  .\line
30. \b [NP Arab world]\b0  and \b [PP in Israel 's backyard]\b0  , which translates into a retaliatory capacity against Israel , as well as bargaining power in any future negotiations with the United States .\line
31. In the end , there was \b [NP no place for Susan Rich]\b0  but \b [PP on the brick steps of the Gospel Light Community Church or in the little shops and restaurants off Freys Gin Road]\b0  .\line
32. \b [NP UN contracting office]\b0  and \b [PP for the US government and for US aid]\b0  , and these companies are coming in now in numbers .\line
33. Herold argues that Western militaries have become overconfident in their ability to safely deploy \b [NP neighborhoods]\b0  and \b [PP at night]\b0  .\line
34. Oh , yeah , ' Terms of Endearment , considered \b [NP the mother of all mother - daughter movies]\b0  and \b [PP with good reason]\b0  .\line
35. By Robert C. Bonner ROBERT C. BONNER is \b [NP Senior Principal of the Sentinel HS Drug Enforcement Administration]\b0  and \b [PP as Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection]\b0  .\line
36. \b [NP Our system]\b0  and \b [PP at http //lara.epfl.ch.6 .]\b0 \line
37. investigated the immunogenicity of Twinrix'r , a combined hepatitis A and B vaccine , in adults aged \b [NP 40 years]\b0  and \b [PP above 27]\b0  .\line
38. Bake \b [NP 25 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until golden brown at edges]\b0  .\line
39. While the fog of battle makes it difficult to get to the bottom of their differing accounts , \b [NP the political impact of the television images]\b0  and \b [PP of what most Iraqis deeply believe ca n't be denied]\b0  .\line
40. I interviewed Mr. Dumbuya , a Sembakounya Camp representative of the Bureau Coordination des Rfugis which is \b [NP the branch of the Guinean military established camps]\b0  and \b [PP during the transport and repatriation process]\b0  .\line
41. It is known the world round that the Grand Khan died after falling from a horse , though there 's \b [NP some dispute hunt]\b0  or \b [PP to war]\b0  .\line
42. And the thing is , people have to realize that Amazon is using books because they know that readers are great consumers and also that books are one of the consumer products that is bought at least by most people , or a lot of consumers , once in a calendar year , that once they get that person and using books at the cost at which the publisher is selling , that 's basically \b [NP net pricing]\b0  or \b [PP even below net pricing]\b0  , that they 're using that as a loss leader to get consumers to their Web site to buy a multitude of other products , not just books .\line
43. He felt pleased with himself , \b [NP a cadet in seventh grade]\b0  and \b [PP with the rank of corporal]\b0  .\line
44. A spokeswoman for Cable and Wireless , Antonia Graham , said \b [NP it]\b0  and \b [PP for the company]\b0  .\line
45. Washington and its allies sought to rely on the national centralizes \b [NP more power in the national government than any democratic society]\b0  and \b [PP in a society in which local , ethnic bonds and commitments are far stronger than in any democratic society]\b0  .\line
46. Saut snow peas in skillet over high heat , stirring often , \b [NP 2 to 3 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until tender]\b0  .\line
47. The just war tradition is tremendously useful , and it 's too bad that in recent Force is supposed to be \b [NP a last resort]\b0  and \b [PP only for defensive purposes]\b0  .\line
48. In the writings of Lady Montagu while in Turkey , she reflected that Turkish women had more liberty than she did , because the perpetual masquerade of their veiled street appearance allowed them to pursue \b [NP the very same kind of liaisons that English women pursue]\b0  but \b [PP with more security from men 's prying]\b0  .\line
49. \b [NP Mesdag]\b0  and \b [PP in the Period Rooms]\b0  ; July 8 to October 29 .\line
50. Whether you 're watching \b [NP Irene 's swirl on a satellite loop]\b0  or \b [PP with through your backyard]\b0  , you have a sense of how strong it is .\line
51. Through 2001 , 11 cases were diagnosed in \b [NP Fallon]\b0  and \b [PP surrounding Churchill County]\b0  .\line
52. Texas is \b [NP 5 - 2]\b0  and \b [PP very much in the hunt for a BCS at - large bid]\b0  .\line
53. Laurel Hospital merchandise sale , \b [NP leather]\b0  and \b [PP for sale]\b0  .\line
54. Cut the leftover potatoes into 3/4-inch wedges , coat with cooking spray and bake in a 425-degree oven \b [NP about 10 to 15 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until hot]\b0  .\line
55. Add on ions and celery , and saut \b [NP 10 to 12 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until tender]\b0  .\line
56. \b [NP The Food]\b0  and \b [PP of labelling rules for sunscreen makers that banned SPF numbers higher than 30 .]\b0 \line
57. Instead , he underwent \b [NP chemotherapy and radiation]\b0  and \b [PP to plant manager]\b0  .\line
58. \b [NP a closer look]\b0  and \b [PP in the mist of the exhibit 's waterfall]\b0 \line
59. In New York tonight Ed Rollins , \b [NP a veteran Republican]\b0  and \b [PP in New Orleans]\b0  , and we 'll start the conversation there , our Anderson Cooper who has been in the Gulf from the beginning of this crisis and also has the experience of knowing how hard Katrina and Rita hit this area .\line
60. Meanwhile , melt butter in a large skillet over medium - high heat ; add onion , and saut \b [NP 7 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until golden]\b0  .\line
61. We are live in Washington , D.C. , where hours ago , tea party protesters gathered in front of the White House , fighting for lower taxes and smaller government , most of them furious at \b [NP the policies of Congress]\b0  and \b [PP of the man who lives and works in that house , President Obama]\b0  .\line
62. But despite our various foot quirks , we sorted through these shoes - \b [NP all priced below 200]\b0  and \b [PP all with carbon in the sole]\b0  - to find the one with the best features and performance , so you can ride happily ever after .\line
63. Heat 10-inch cast - iron skillet over high heat \b [NP about 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until very hot]\b0  .\line
64. saucepan over mediumhigh heat \b [NP 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until tender]\b0  .\line
65. In searching for the exceptionally powerful prototype that authorized a given early Netherlandish painting , the art historian also tends to lose sight of how late medieval devotional images functioned as objects of prayer not despite \b [NP the fact that they were unexceptional]\b0  but \b [PP precisely because of it]\b0  .\line
66. To take the village \b [NP the river]\b0  and \b [PP by land]\b0  .\line
67. writes a piece calls , Me a Merchant of Hate , and compares \b [NP me]\b0  and \b [PP with things I ' ve say to the atmosphere that killed his uncle JFK]\b0  .\line
68. The Hollingsworths waited \b [NP all night]\b0  and \b [PP through most of the next day]\b0  in the heat and chaos .\line
69. I ask them \b [NP call center]\b0  or \b [PP on the factory floor]\b0  for the last 30 years , ' he said .\line
70. The Tuscarawas covered bridge is \b [NP a Painters Mill icon]\b0  and \b [PP of substantial historical significance]\b0  .\line
71. Cook \b [NP 8 to 12 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until golden]\b0  , turning once .\line
72. Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat ; add onion , and saut \b [NP 3 to 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until tender]\b0  .\line
73. The department suffered for decades from \b [NP lack of supervision in general]\b0  and \b [PP in supervision of civilian employees in particular]\b0  .\line
74. Among other repairs , realign your tires \b [NP every couple years]\b0  or \b [PP after hitting a crater - sized pothole]\b0  .\line
75. Process almonas in a food processor \b [NP 30 seconds]\b0  or \b [PP until finely ground]\b0  .\line
76. In large bowl , with mixer at medium speed , beat butter with sugars \b [NP 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [PP until light and creamy]\b0  , scraping bowl at a time , beating well after each addition .\line
77. He lobbied hard for the Los Angeles chief 's job -- not simply for the satisfaction of fixing a crime epidemic in the nation 's second biggest city but also for \b [NP the chance to hammer home once]\b0  and \b [PP for all his personal conviction that cops matter]\b0  .\line
78. I called him a liar again and then I punched him \b [NP a lot of times]\b0  and \b [PP with all my might]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+ADJP\b0\line\line
79. In a large , national sample of adults \b [NP 65 years of age]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  , fear of falling at least once or twice in the previous month was reported by 22 percent of respondents ; and fear of falling increased with age was higher for women , those with lower income and education , and those who lived alone .\line
80. There are two classic types - \b [NP arid desert]\b0  or \b [ADJP mossy and marshy]\b0  .\line
81. Nevertheless , being \b [NP a Deverell]\b0  and \b [ADJP comfortably well - to - do]\b0  , she remained an accepted member of the haut ton .\line
82. FAST FORWARDS WALKING GROUP , for \b [NP age 55]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , fast - paced walk in the neighborhood .\line
83. LEE WALKERS , for \b [NP age 55]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , travel by van to the District for a walk from Union Station to the U.S. Botanic Garden .\line
84. FIGURE 1-Absolute number of fall - related deaths and age - adjusted fall - related mortality rates in persons aged \b [NP 65 years]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  in the Netherlands ; 1969 - 2008 .\line
85. He 's \b [NP a gentleman]\b0  and \b [ADJP extremely handsome]\b0  .\line
86. Here 's the deal on Dog his real name is \b [NP Christopher Something]\b0  or \b [ADJP other]\b0  .\line
87. Braille proficiency was defined as reading text at \b [NP an ending first - grade level]\b0  or \b [ADJP higher]\b0  , at a rate of 30 words per minute or faster , using single - spaced braille , and knowing at least 90 of the braille code .\line
88. Broadband performance is getting better , though , as nearly 30 percent of respondents said that their advertised speed was \b [NP 4 mbps]\b0  or \b [ADJP faster]\b0  , up about 5 percent from last year .\line
89. THE ADVENTURES OF UNCLE RABBIT , for \b [NP age 4]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , performance by Synetic Family Theater .\line
90. Good He 's \b [NP a free spirit]\b0  and \b [ADJP playful]\b0  , prompting managers and teammates to shake their heads and proclaim he 's Manny being Manny .\line
91. Most events free with regular garden admission 15 ; \b [NP 12 65-plus]\b0  and \b [ADJP ages 3 - 17]\b0  ; free under 3 .\line
92. You 'll learn whether you ride the waves like \b [NP a regular surfer]\b0  or \b [ADJP goofy - footed]\b0  .\line
93. Existing powers and rising ones are \b [NP natural competitors]\b0  or \b [ADJP worse]\b0  .\line
94. The evolving formation of PSCs has been defined in the professional literature as the following Professional school counselors are certified / licensed professionals with \b [NP a master 's degree]\b0  or \b [ADJP higher]\b0  in school counseling or the substantial equivalent and are uniquely qualified to address the developmental needs of all students .\line
95. In fact , most church - state litigation raises questions that are \b [NP anything]\b0  but \b [ADJP frivolous]\b0  and seeks to prevent the government from using the coercive power of taxation to compel citizens to support religion .\line
96. Mazzante is one of the most prolific scorers in women 's basketball -- she is \b [NP the Big Ten 's all - time scoring leader]\b0  and \b [ADJP 11th in NCAA history]\b0  .\line
97. 17.95 , 14.95 seniors and ages 5 to 11 , free for \b [NP age 4]\b0  and \b [ADJP younger]\b0  .\line
98. Sound carries on a cold , still morning , and the pack was farther away than its serenade indicated , but I still became confident that this was \b [NP the right day]\b0  and \b [ADJP long]\b0  , however .\line
99. And -- and \b [NP the most combat hard]\b0  and \b [ADJP most capable]\b0  , and if you just look at what our troops were able to do in Iraq to turn around what was clearly a -- an effort going in the wrong direction over the last couple of years\line
100. DISCUSSION sample reported a sexual encounter when they were \b [NP 16 years]\b0  or \b [ADJP younger]\b0  with a person at least 5 years their senior .\line
101. Because the database was verified with the national birth registry , 27 the mortality rates and numbers presented were real figures rather than estimates of the entire older trends in unintended fall - related mortality rates in persons aged \b [NP 65 years]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  for most European countries , but this study did not go beyond 2002 and might have been conducted too early to pick up unfavorable trends within the first decade of the 21st century .\line
102. Agency studies have shown most whitetail bucks with forked antlers will have an inside antler spread of 13 inches or more at \b [NP 3.5 years]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  .\line
103. A healthy hot dog barking up \b [NP culinary acclaim]\b0  and \b [ADJP nutritional]\b0 \line
104. COSMOPOLITAN.COM / QUIZ Log on to test yourself with \b [NP more fun]\b0  and \b [ADJP insightful]\b0  quizzes SCORING 1 .\line
105. Braille proficiency was defined as reading text at an ending first - grade level or higher , at a rate of 30 words per \b [NP minute]\b0  or \b [ADJP faster]\b0  , using single - spaced braille , and knowing at least 90 of the braille code .\line
106. Everything is going to \b [NP mobile and data]\b0  and \b [ADJP increasingly video and visual]\b0  .\line
107. Browsers such as \b [NP Netscape Navigator 7.0]\b0  or \b [ADJP higher]\b0  , Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher , or AOL 8.0 or higher support the strong , 128-bit encryption technology now standard in online banking .\line
108. As \b [NP a native of Atlanta]\b0  and \b [ADJP 80 years young]\b0  , I fondly recall my daily rides on the streetcars .\line
109. So we are walking down the street , and he 's standing out on the corner in front of the store because there were no customers at that point , with \b [NP his hands in his pocket]\b0  and \b [ADJP just happy - go- lucky]\b0  .\line
110. It was an admission that doping had occurred , one disguised so it could assume \b [NP innocence]\b0  but \b [ADJP unmistakeable to me in meaning]\b0  .\line
111. Even so , the increases in accuracy rates appear to be minimal when a grade of \b [NP C]\b0  or \b [ADJP higher]\b0  is used as the success criterion .\line
112. After six months to a year of continuous application you may see \b [NP diminished sagging]\b0  and \b [ADJP less wrinkling]\b0  .\line
113. For gasoline to freeze , it has to be \b [NP -72Celsius]\b0  or \b [ADJP colder]\b0  , she continued .\line
114. Similar to other state high - risk pools , MCHA group coverage , federal Health Coverage Tax Credit program eligibility , being \b [NP 65 years of age]\b0  or \b [ADJP older but ineligible for the federal Medicare program]\b0  , health - related rejection in the private health insurance market , and the existence of a presumptive condition .\line
115. In \b [NP a good economic times]\b0  or \b [ADJP bad]\b0  , parents always buy toys for their - children .\line
116. It 's greater than 155 or -- yes , \b [NP 156]\b0  or \b [ADJP better]\b0  would be a major hurricane , a Category 5 .\line
117. The unemployment rate for workers \b [NP age 25]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  with some college or an associate 's degree was 4.8 in May , according to the Department of Labor .\line
118. \b [NP Others]\b0  and \b [ADJP less demanding of the CRT .]\b0 \line
119. ET on 11/24/2011 and ends legal resident of the 50 United States or DC or Canada , \b [NP age 18]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  , to enter .\line
120. The man 's legs were not lean or particularly muscular , nor was any dimension about his body \b [NP anything]\b0  but \b [ADJP average]\b0  .\line
121. In general , detonators are \b [NP only about the diameter of a pencil]\b0  and \b [ADJP only a few inches long]\b0  .\line
122. It 's going to give people \b [NP some]\b0  but \b [ADJP not complete]\b0  coverage .\line
123. Its chief feature is a pair of square excavations , \b [NP each 30 ft . deep]\b0  and \b [ADJP nearly an acre in size]\b0  , that mark the footprints of the fallen towers .\line
124. SENIORS BALTIMORE TRIP , for \b [NP age 60]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , trip to the National Great Blacks in Wax Museum , lunch at the Inner Harbor and more .\line
125. for \b [NP age 12]\b0  and \b [ADJP younger]\b0  .\line
126. So you got a lot of entries that were \b [NP good ideas]\b0  but \b [ADJP not quite good enough or innovative enough for first prize]\b0  .\line
127. All participants were \b [NP 18 years of age]\b0  or \b [ADJP older]\b0  , with a primary diagnosis of CVA , and received similar follow - up treatment as determined by physicians .\line
128. 12 ; 11 students and senior citizens ; 10 \b [NP age 12]\b0  and \b [ADJP younger]\b0  ; age 2 and younger free .\line
129. It was \b [NP midday]\b0  and \b [ADJP quite warm]\b0  outside , but the overhead fans made it comfortable inside the n't seen him in person for five years -- since I lost my sense of invincibility and retired from the government to open my own security agency .\line
130. 6 ; \b [NP ages 2]\b0  and \b [ADJP younger]\b0  free .\line
131. Researchers have found that the younger generation has a much shorter attention span and tends to read in a more scanning way reading a weekly update on a phone instead of a book might seem odd to people in their 30s or older , it 's not at all for those in \b [NP their 20s]\b0  or \b [ADJP younger]\b0  .\line
132. MITCHELLVILLE VOICE WORKSHOP , for beginners \b [NP 7]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , develop singing techniques , tone production , breathing and related singing skills .\line
133. Dumbarton Oaks Winter Stroll , for \b [NP age 8]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , a National Park Service ranger leads a walk through this naturalistic park and discusses why it was called Beatrix Farrand 's crowning achievement .\line
134. However , terrorism experts say this is \b [NP anything]\b0  but \b [ADJP absurd]\b0  , that there are too many potential connections at Ptech to ignore .\line
135. Registration is 30 for adults , 25 for seniors \b [NP age 60]\b0  and \b [ADJP older]\b0  , 15 for kids under 12 .\line
136. Today Michaelson is my first patient , and , maybe because I love the Hammerstein song so much , I begin by reminding him that Rodgers was \b [NP an alky and a womanizer]\b0  and \b [ADJP pretty much of a maniac himself]\b0  .\line
137. I am \b [NP a 77-year - old Marine veteran of the Korean War]\b0  and \b [ADJP supposedly tough as hell]\b0  .\line
138. All this means that the US economy , like those in Japan and in advanced European nations , seems to be moving in \b [NP slow gear]\b0  or \b [ADJP worse]\b0  .\line
139. He 's wearing a heavy dark blue suit when it 's \b [NP ninety - something degrees]\b0  and \b [ADJP humid]\b0  outside .\line
140. But upwards of 70 freight trains , \b [NP 100 cars]\b0  or \b [ADJP longer]\b0  , pass through every day , carrying coal south and returning empty for another load .\line
141. 5 ; ages 5 - 12 , 3 ; \b [NP 4]\b0  and \b [ADJP younger]\b0  , free .\line
142. There is profound social inequality with regard to RTIs within the UK where children of lower socioeconomic class are at much greater risk of RTIs than more advantaged children , for example emergency admissions for RTIs are two and a half times higher in the most deprived quintile of the population in Scotland compared with \b [NP the least deprived quintile]\b0  and \b [ADJP one a half times greater among the most deprived fifth of children than any other fifth]\b0  .\line
143. If the phantasmata , induced in the mind by the devil , can seduce human beings into thinking that incorporeal being is , in fact , corporeal , and consequently that incorporeal being is nonexistent , it can also delude the mind into thinking that corporeal being is \b [NP a product of the imagination]\b0  and \b [ADJP equally unreal]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+ADVP\b0\line\line
144. As one of the first genres of music created by those who came to America in \b [NP the seventeenth century]\b0  and \b [ADVP later]\b0  , it deserves to be more widely known by all people .\line
145. It 's not really about \b [NP the legality of the matter under international law]\b0  or \b [ADVP otherwise]\b0  .\line
146. Regardless of \b [NP age]\b0  or \b [ADVP even]\b0  .\line
147. Pigs will eat \b [NP almost anything]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  .\line
148. In many respects , the official message from the Jordanian regime , at venues such as \b [NP the World Economic Forum]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , is that Jordan is open for business .\line
149. You come out of regen with \b [NP better muscle tone and skin]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  than you went in with , so you 're actually healthier , but it takes a little time for the nervous system to get reacquainted with non - phantom input , and to understand that it is running the show again .\line
150. \b [NP Thirty - two years]\b0  and \b [ADVP many miles later]\b0  , the odometer read 238,514 .\line
151. He can be \b [NP hero or hypocrite]\b0  or \b [ADVP both at once]\b0  ; he has a ripe sense of his own , and his nation 's , magnificence and destiny roughly on par with that of Winston Churchill 's , whose works Giuliani recommended to his schoolmates , along with his favorite operas by Verdi .\line
152. Schuster forecasts \b [NP mid-2012]\b0  or \b [ADVP later]\b0  .\line
153. But at \b [NP its huge Atlanta hub]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , Delta 's checked baggage remains well above its pre - Aug .\line
154. Our fundraising drive is in the final stages , says Clare , so a pledge of sponsorship at this time would ensure that Greenwich 's centuries - old tradition of excellence will continue well into \b [NP the 2lst century]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
155. The place was a tourist attraction , had been for centuries , and it was all nicely lighted and the chambers equipped with phony names like \b [NP Aladdin 's Castle and the Seas of Europa]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  .\line
156. The artist Lin Evola - Smidt lives these days in Manhattan , but she is fond of saying that her sculpting career really began \b [NP 3,000 miles]\b0  and \b [ADVP a world away]\b0  .\line
157. \b [NP Fifteen blocks]\b0  and \b [ADVP about twenty worlds away]\b0  , in a duplex garden apartment in Lippencrass 's alarm clock went off at exactly 725 a.m .\line
158. If early tests pan out , by \b [NP 2010]\b0  or \b [ADVP sooner]\b0  , tumors could be treated routinely and successfully with simple injections in the family doctor 's office .\line
159. Her great - grandfather , Ted Claybaugh , \b [NP former teacher]\b0  and \b [ADVP an hour early]\b0  .\line
160. It was \b [NP 700 AM]\b0  or \b [ADVP thereabouts]\b0  , 715 , when the 911 call came in .\line
161. Some , including Sears and Ann Taylor , are expected to close stores well into \b [NP next year]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
162. Dan went for the phone , and I screamed , \b [NP No ']\b0  and \b [ADVP just]\b0  -- the gun went off , and that 's as fast as it happened .\line
163. If you expect to live to a ripe old age , financial planners say , it may be worth waiting for the larger benefit at \b [NP age 66]\b0  or \b [ADVP later]\b0  .\line
164. They stepped out onto a small balcony that gave them a view of \b [NP the harbor]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
165. I understood why it was built a place for trade , of course , with \b [NP railroads and ships]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  , but mostly to give all of us a magnitude of defiance that is not provided by one house on the plains .\line
166. We 'll have one billion cars and light trucks rolling across Earth 's surface by \b [NP year 2020]\b0  or \b [ADVP sooner]\b0  , and our energy policy seems to be this .\line
167. so she did n't always live in \b [NP Little Rock]\b0  or \b [ADVP nearby where I could visit them often]\b0  .\line
168. Rather , \b [NP the most significant effects of social policy on bilateral relations]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  are more indirect .\line
169. In any competitive endeavor , \b [NP team]\b0  or \b [ADVP otherwise]\b0 \line
170. In this vast and thinly populated state , the battle for Conrad Burns ' Senate seat has been fought primarily on the airwaves , and one of \b [NP the TV ads Montanans are seeing again]\b0  and \b [ADVP again]\b0  shows a photo Abramoff in a black fedora and trench coat on the other side .\line
171. and though my suit could take \b [NP this]\b0  and \b [ADVP worse]\b0  , there 's a major difference between being protected from a hostile environment and not being able to feel the sweat pooling at the base of my spine .\line
172. Our libraries are \b [NP a great source of pride for our community]\b0  and \b [ADVP deservedly so]\b0  , Commission Chairman Charles Bannister said in a news release .\line
173. The Melrose ran at above ninety percent occupancy from early June well into September , year after were no longer afraid to turn to operation over to others and disappear for \b [NP a week]\b0  or \b [ADVP longer]\b0  , even in peak season .\line
174. I think it 's \b [NP a high concept]\b0  and \b [ADVP no further]\b0  .\line
175. Lf we forbear to use this tool until the Democrats regain power - and they will the wheel always turns - they will use it against us again , on \b [NP all of America]\b0  and \b [ADVP anywhere else they can reach]\b0  .\line
176. - jeff collins , billion in one week to pay 3,500 to 4,500 for vehicles built in \b [NP 1984]\b0  or \b [ADVP later]\b0  , then the vehicles are destroyed .\line
177. And for five minutes he felt \b [NP nothing]\b0  but \b [ADVP still]\b0  , almost purified , and then he opened his eyes and felt a fire so hot in his leg he had to crawl to do himself in in the bathtub .\line
178. The occurrence , as Milutin Tesla wrote in amazement , resembled a cascade of sparks , \b [NP tar]\b0  and \b [ADVP near]\b0  , seemingly within arm 's reach .\line
179. Some of them are the sort of sentimental things you would most expect to find at a place like this , you know , \b [NP thanks for your sacrifice]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  .\line
180. And people who love their country would do \b [NP the same]\b0  or \b [ADVP better than I did]\b0  .\line
181. His campaign also laid the foundation on which actor Ronald Reagan , having charmed the 1964 convention with a passionate speech on Goldwater 's behalf , constructed a conservative Reagan Era that would dominate \b [NP the 1980s]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
182. Multiple venues probably would be useful at \b [NP state and regional conferences]\b0  and \b [ADVP on - site]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+SBAR\b0\line\line
183. I ' ve known about it longer than I ' ve known \b [NP my colors]\b0  or \b [SBAR how to do long division]\b0  .\line
184. We 're listening to your stories of \b [NP interracial marriage]\b0  and \b [SBAR how the families react]\b0  .\line
185. Following \b [NP the popular success of the Marshall Plan in Europe]\b0  and \b [SBAR what was then seen as the success of the Soviet model]\b0  , the World Bank , the United States , and other official donors concentrated on financing infrastructure - related projects in the world 's poor countries .\line
186. Concerning the person of interest , was it \b [NP a male or a female that you have in custody -- not in custody --]\b0  but \b [SBAR that you believe is a person of interest]\b0  ?\line
187. I got \b [NP the chutzpah]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever you want to say to believe that if I write a really good song about it , it 's going to make a difference]\b0  .\line
188. They interacted with their sons on such a regular basis that they knew \b [NP the patterns of their sons ' days]\b0  and \b [SBAR when those patterns were disrupted]\b0  .\line
189. He says the meetings were held to address \b [NP the alarming rise in gun crime]\b0  and \b [SBAR ways the industry could start cracking down on those retailers , who , government statistics show , are responsible for selling the majority of guns traced to crimes]\b0  .\line
190. Anyway , \b [NP al Qaeda]\b0  or \b [SBAR what 's left of it]\b0  is said to have decamped to Pakistan , whose government is not really cooperating with us .\line
191. And I dare say if you added up the briefings , the interviews , the radio addresses , the news conferences , more have focused on \b [NP Iraq and the situation there]\b0  and \b [SBAR what we 're trying to get done than anything else]\b0  .\line
192. And she told me a little bit about \b [NP the war]\b0  and \b [SBAR what that had been like]\b0  , and about a certain square in Prague with benches and flower beds and giant twisted oaks and how she still remembered that square as well as a certain churchyard a laughter carried over the water she looked at me and said , People can be silly , ca n't they , complicating their lives for no reason , do n't ever complicate your life , promise me that , and though I did n't know exactly what she meant , I said I would n't .\line
193. The report is an innocuous piece with a. photo ofihelmmakerat Manila International Airport , wearing \b [NP huge shades]\b0  and \b [SBAR what looks like a safari outfit]\b0  .\line
194. Sonny realized he did n't even know \b [NP their first names]\b0  or \b [SBAR why they 'd remained childless]\b0  .\line
195. He thought again of \b [NP the tank]\b0  and \b [SBAR how it still looked in good condition , only a little rust along the welds]\b0  .\line
196. And its because of \b [NP Saddam Hussein]\b0  and \b [SBAR what these Shiites see as his imminent demise that this Ashura is being observed with a special intensity]\b0  .\line
197. She was no longer concerned about \b [NP blood]\b0  and \b [SBAR where it fell]\b0  .\line
198. He loved life and did n't want to think about that possibility happening and of course , neither did he never truly believed that it could happen , but we put the conversation off several times and first just dealt with the practicality of it of , you know , \b [NP the bills or his will]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever else]\b0  .\line
199. We 'll also be hearing from you in the audience tonight right here in the Empire Theater about the impact of illegal immigration and on the quality -- its impact on the quality of life for all of us , but certainly on \b [NP the impact of border life in this country]\b0  and \b [SBAR how it has changed as well]\b0  , but first we 're going to nation .\line
200. To \b [NP an ordinary street in the pretty town of Largo , Florida]\b0  and \b [SBAR what awaited Officer Kurt Iskra when he pulled over Michael Conrad Forester who s car was going much too fast and his car stereo was playing much too loudly]\b0  .\line
201. First , our look at animal intelligence tonight new research on \b [NP dolphins]\b0  and \b [SBAR what they see when they look in the mirror]\b0  .\line
202. Hartright meets \b [NP the Woman in White]\b0  and \b [SBAR where the Collinses lived for a time]\b0  .\line
203. I support \b [NP the president]\b0  and \b [SBAR what he did]\b0  .\line
204. And you 'd get to watch two adults talk about \b [NP America]\b0  and \b [SBAR what they would do to lead it]\b0  .\line
205. That means \b [NP we]\b0  and \b [SBAR how he got that wayhis parents , relatives , brother , friends , home , neighborhood , educational and medical histories , mental profile]\b0  .\line
206. But that would only go to prove that his keen business acumen is not limited to consulting and that he really understands \b [NP the economy]\b0  and \b [SBAR what makes it tick]\b0  .\line
207. This led me to create alternating chapters -- her entries interspersed with my own life story , which would highlight \b [NP my battle with breast cancer]\b0  and \b [SBAR how the writing passion was one we both shared , particularly during tenuous times]\b0  .\line
208. The key to living in concert with \b [NP God 's Will or the Natural Order]\b0  or \b [SBAR what the Fates had in mind for you]\b0  was to learn to accept the direction in which your love life was taking you , even when result of neither too much of one thing nor too little of another , too many heartbreaks or too few .\line
209. Sitting close to the patient conveys interest in \b [NP the person]\b0  and \b [SBAR what that individual is saying]\b0  .\line
210. We must consider \b [NP the point at which the disease changes]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether the change is microbiologic or histologic]\b0  .\line
211. The zone 's size depends on \b [NP the weather]\b0  and \b [SBAR how much flow the Mississippi brings each year]\b0  .\line
212. hot oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat \b [NP 8 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until done]\b0  , turning every 2 minutes .\line
213. Some have questioned \b [NP the timing of the switch]\b0  and \b [SBAR what it says about Mickelson 's commitment to the the best interests of the team that I do this now]\b0  .\line
214. I think that for me , that as much as this is a book about cooking and living in Paris and falling in love - and it 's certainly all those things - it was very much about \b [NP identity]\b0  and \b [SBAR how far I felt that I had strayed from what I thought my identity was]\b0  .\line
215. And then he 'll start going into \b [NP the president]\b0  and \b [SBAR what has happened]\b0  .\line
216. Pull back from contact until \b [NP te misunderstanding]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever was resolved]\b0  .\line
217. I ' ve tried to focus instead on \b [NP the awesome force that binds the nucleus]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether it can ever be an appropriate source of civilian energy]\b0  .\line
218. About 1100 or so , Great White came onto the stage , and about five seconds into their first song there , \b [NP the spark machine]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever you want to call it]\b0  went off , and the next thing I knew , the walls were on fire , and\line
219. Reduce heat to medium , and cook \b [NP 2 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until slightly thickened]\b0  .\line
220. , for those 7 and older , a National Park Service ranger discusses \b [NP the bears that roamed Rock Creek Valley]\b0  and \b [SBAR why they had to leave]\b0  .\line
221. And I think that we ' ve become it not so much for the food but because of \b [NP immigration]\b0  and \b [SBAR what kind of a country we ' ve become]\b0  .\line
222. He could have told me once again about \b [NP the brave , courageous fellows he served with]\b0  and \b [SBAR how much they affected his life until his death last February]\b0  .\line
223. Lee Wayne Hunt was convicted in 1986 of murdering two people in Fayetteville , North Carolina , based on \b [NP the testimony of two questionable witnesses]\b0  and \b [SBAR what turned out to be erroneous ballistics testimony from the FBI lab]\b0  .\line
224. A little later this hour , I 'll talk with FEMA Director Michael Brown about \b [NP the help still needed from last year 's hurricanes]\b0  and \b [SBAR what impact that may have]\b0  , is there really a crucial break in the case of a missing American teen in Aruba ?\line
225. Magor 's ongoing subject is \b [NP identity]\b0  and \b [SBAR how it constructs itself]\b0  .\line
226. The NSCSHCN does not provide the perspective of any other key players -- notably , health care providers -- in measuring \b [NP the extent to which children with special health care needs have needs for mental health services]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether there are unmet needs]\b0  .\line
227. Given \b [NP the momentousness of such an endeavor]\b0  and \b [SBAR how much prominence think that talk about exercising the military option would be backed up by extensive analysis of the threat in question and the different ways of responding to it]\b0  .\line
228. About \b [NP the Pennsylvania Railroad coming in to New York]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they -- what they had to do to build tunnels and everything else]\b0  .\line
229. Plenty of bedrooms and doctors ' offices still have 20-inch sets -- and depending on \b [NP picture quality]\b0  and \b [SBAR where the viewer sits]\b0  , those screens can be impressively clear .\line
230. The basilica 's Procurators - a small group of nobles from the city 's leading merchant families - selected \b [NP the subjects]\b0  and \b [SBAR what they intended in commissioning this unusual cycle]\b0  .\line
231. It got me back to \b [NP just the music]\b0  and \b [SBAR what I love so much about singing]\b0  .\line
232. Despite this emphasis on desired outcome , however , it is necessary to examine more closely \b [NP these groups ' motivations]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they transform those motivations into methodologies]\b0  .\line
233. He respects people who differ , but he 's resolute in his decision because he did it based on \b [NP conscience]\b0  and \b [SBAR what he really believes in]\b0  , said Richard Notebaert , chairman of Notre Dame 's board of trustees .\line
234. None of us are indigenous builders with an intuitive understanding of \b [NP the materials we 'll be using]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they can come together to create a complete entity called a house]\b0  .\line
235. In learning about and performing spirituals , students have the opportunity to understand \b [NP the music]\b0  and \b [SBAR how it connects to American culture of the past as well as the present]\b0  .\line
236. I have to be happy with \b [NP my performance]\b0  and \b [SBAR what I ' ve given]\b0  .\line
237. I have a perception of \b [NP an Islamic world]\b0  and \b [SBAR what that means]\b0  .\line
238. I mean , unless you 're environmentalist that worships , you know , \b [NP Gaia]\b0  or \b [SBAR whoever it is now]\b0  .\line
239. , George continued , and your wife could come over and get some girl time with Esther , talk about \b [NP baking or sewing]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever it is they talk about]\b0  .\line
240. , text revision , trichotillomania is diagnosed by the following criteria a the recurrent pulling out of one 's hair which results in noticeable hair loss ; \b [NP the hair]\b0  or \b [SBAR when resisting the behavior]\b0  ; c relief or pleasure while hair is being pulled ; d the behavior is not the result of another mental disorder or general medical condition ; and e the behavior produces significant distress or impairment in important areas of functioning .\line
241. Well , I will say that , you know - and actually I was lead pollster for the national party under Governor Dean , so I do know something about \b [NP this process]\b0  and \b [SBAR what Mary and the Republicans are going through now]\b0  .\line
242. He 's going to have to come back and talk about \b [NP that 2 percent growth rate , 8 percent unemployment ,]\b0  and \b [SBAR what happened on Barack Obama 's economic watch]\b0  , because the president is doing everything he can to keep that off the table .\line
243. With respect to age and race , breast cancer educational messages targeted at younger women should address their worries about \b [NP breast cancer risk]\b0  and \b [SBAR where to obtain access to the medical system when they are uninsured]\b0  .\line
244. So if I can identify \b [NP the string signatures]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they intersect]\b0  , we 'll be able to predict where a Hub vector comes out Nashira stared at him blankly until David said ,\line
245. You 're going to hear about \b [NP his new live - in girlfriends]\b0  and \b [SBAR why he calls them the goddesses]\b0  .\line
246. Once you understand how to think , now you can think about \b [NP your passion]\b0  and \b [SBAR how to self actualize that in the world that you live in every single day]\b0  .\line
247. In an accompanying letter to Barnes , he explained \b [NP targets for criticism]\b0  and \b [SBAR that he had been further constrained by the lack of documentation on the subject]\b0  .\line
248. There were warning signs , over and over and over again , Toney said , \b [NP signs that something was wrong]\b0  and \b [SBAR that showed that this pipeline was at risk for rupture]\b0  .\line
249. In our next hour , former Secretary of States Colin Powell will be here , talking about \b [NP the situation in Syria]\b0  and \b [SBAR what the options are at this point for the United States]\b0  .\line
250. This essay provides extensive information on \b [NP NMAI 's long history]\b0  and \b [SBAR how the museum 's story begins with the large - scale collecting practices of George Gustav Heye in the early part of the twentieth century]\b0  .\line
251. Understanding \b [NP the origins of the HIV or SARS virus]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they change]\b0  are questions answered by scientists with a sound understanding of evolution .\line
252. You talked about \b [NP her plans]\b0  and \b [SBAR what you see her doing regarding Iran and also Iraq]\b0  .\line
253. Julie , tell us about \b [NP the people that are there]\b0  and \b [SBAR what the mood is]\b0  .\line
254. There really was not that much difference in the girls were dressed as twins , the M M ; twins , with \b [NP their low - cut shirts and their short skirts]\b0  and \b [SBAR what they were doing]\b0  and a little bit more extreme a very good point .\line
255. Now Albert Cowdrey treats us to a tale of \b [NP Bonaparte , Mississippi ,]\b0  and \b [SBAR what happened when a shady character came to town]\b0  ....\line
256. So -- so you stormed off \b [NP the island]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever]\b0 \line
257. So now we get a better idea , Brit , about \b [NP this general election fight]\b0  and \b [SBAR where it comes down between McCain and Obama and national security]\b0  .\line
258. Mostly I complain about \b [NP the dog]\b0  and \b [SBAR how easily I am distracted by household projects]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VP+NP\b0\line\line
259. I was n't really trying to \b [VP go fast]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  .\line
260. Of 22 participants , just one already \b [VP has decided to vote for Bush in 2004]\b0  and \b [NP one against him]\b0  .\line
261. It 's always fun to create an intimate area within a larger space , \b [VP upholstered in moss green velvet with floral paintings]\b0  and \b [NP an Early American table that usually sits on the patio looking sad in winter]\b0  .\line
262. Fellow lawyers criticize Some fellow Houston immigration lawyers complain that high volume \b [VP makes for minimal client contact at best]\b0  and \b [NP sloppy legal work at worst]\b0  .\line
263. We wore our shirts untucked to give us some casual authenticity while at the same time making us \b [VP look bigger]\b0  and \b [NP forces not to tangle with]\b0  .\line
264. She apparently has a whole list of things she recommends a book called 52 Invitations to Grrreat Sex , two Nancy Friday books , the movies 9 1/2 Weeks and Swept Away , and two instructional tapes from the Better Sex video series \b [VP Making Sex Fun]\b0  and \b [NP Advanced Sexual Techniques]\b0  .\line
265. Omar \b [VP started high school football crazy]\b0  and \b [NP every bit]\b0 \line
266. AuthorAffiliation Tamas Dobozy has published fiction in Granfa , One Story , and Fiction , among others , and has published two story collections , When X \b [VP Equals Marylou]\b0  and \b [NP Last Notes and Other Stories]\b0  .\line
267. Although his suite is of course smaller than the house in Montfort , it produces a doubly inverse effect too roomy in one sense , at the same time it allots his body the precise range allowed by a hospital room - a vital but atrophied space with nothing to \b [VP cling to]\b0  but \b [NP oneself]\b0  , and which still feels like a floating sanatorium .\line
268. A nearly full moon \b [VP loomed in the east]\b0  and \b [NP Taylor]\b0 \line
269. A lot of Baby Boomers are going to want to have home offices , sometimes two , for \b [VP consulting]\b0  or \b [NP telecommuting]\b0  part - time .\line
270. \b [VP Throw it away]\b0  or \b [NP something]\b0  .\line
271. And while she loved the idea of year - round gardeningflowers in February and trees that never lost their leaves - she seemed to stall and the earth hardened to clay under the unblinking summer sun till it was like brick and nothing would \b [VP grow along the fence]\b0  but \b [NP devil grass and tumbleweeds]\b0  .\line
272. I ' ve \b [VP had plenty of criticism thrown my way]\b0  and \b [NP a lot of scrutiny thrown my way]\b0  .\line
273. And I ' m thinking it 's Iowa has \b [VP come in]\b0  or \b [NP something]\b0  .\line
274. The duo \b [VP sought]\b0  and \b [NP its 2000 rerelease]\b0  ....\line
275. They said that all the papers \b [VP have been destroyed from the earthquake]\b0  and \b [NP the people in charge of the office]\b0  , a couple of them have died in the office with the papers .\line
276. Were not looking at a battered woman or someone who has to go home and get \b [VP beat up everyday]\b0  or \b [NP anything like that]\b0  .\line
277. Two exceptions to this general pattern were \b [VP eating fruit and vegetables among men]\b0  and \b [NP low physical activity among women]\b0  .\line
278. As a boy , I did n't understand the thinking that lay behind Quang Duc 's suicide , and my notion of troop strength was largely based on the inexhaustible vitality of the Cartwright family , but these two memories of the war - an endless line of American soldiers \b [VP disgorged from a helicopter]\b0  and \b [NP a single , burning Buddhist monk]\b0  - have lived dynamically beside one another now for over three decades .\line
279. Often , departments need a go - to person , someone who is a source tend to be self - selected , motivated by an awareness of how little they \b [VP know about Islam]\b0  or \b [NP a heightened concern about Islamic terrorism]\b0  , and this can make them more inclined to be receptive to an instructor like Kharoba .\line
280. 61 Katie Gearlds \b [VP scored 14 of her 17 points in the second half]\b0  and \b [NP the No .]\b0 \line
281. And I know I agreed to do this when we \b [VP talked]\b0  and \b [NP everything]\b0  , but still , I just have to let you know my true thoughts on this matter before going any further with this gay exercise in futility .\line
282. He \b [VP opened the envelope]\b0  and \b [NP 495 twenty - two 20s , three 10s , and five 5s]\b0  .\line
283. The redistribution of Title I funds and the enforcement of civil rights laws thus helped contribute to the rise in the percentage of black high school graduates from fifty percent in 1973 to almost ninety percent in 1997 ; the improvement in black elementary school students ' standardized test scores in reading from 170 points in 1971 to 190 points in 1996 , and in math from 220 in 1973 to 250 in 1996 ; and , the increase from 14.5 percent of twenty - five to twenty - nine - year old black women \b [VP completing high school]\b0  and \b [NP four or more years of college in 1981]\b0  to 18.5 percent in 1997 .\line
284. I did n't ask you to \b [VP marry me]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  , now did I ?\line
285. Factors to be considered include whether the harm was physical or economic ; whether the defendant recklessly disregarded the health and safety of others ; whether the victim was financially vulnerable ; whether the conduct \b [VP was repeated]\b0  or \b [NP an isolated incident]\b0  ; and whether the harm resulted from malice , trickery or deceit , or was merely accidental .\line
286. Because for me , it 's a point of survival for the day , not knowing if I ' m going to come out of the game able to \b [VP walk]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  .\line
287. One informant indicated that the association \b [VP provided national validation for what is happening with community college entrepreneurship education]\b0  and \b [NP best practice models for replication in other parts of the country]\b0  .\line
288. They have these episodic bouts that are severe , but they think maybe it 's just a flu bug \b [VP recurring]\b0  or \b [NP something]\b0  , so they do n't bring it up for that reason because they do n't think it 's serious or they just do n't wan na it ?\line
289. Erosion and years of neglect have left the brick structure \b [VP crumbling]\b0  and \b [NP a clear safety hazard]\b0  .\line
290. It 's used for everything from houses , decks and sheds to smaller jobs , such as \b [VP cutting the form lumber for a concrete walk]\b0  or \b [NP the parts for garage shelves]\b0  .\line
291. And the real kicker is that you not only ran her piece in the first place , but that you \b [VP gave her nearly a full page in the Sunday paper]\b0  and \b [NP a refer on the front page]\b0 \line
292. But I ' ve heard no comment , one way or another , whether he 's going to \b [VP stay or leave]\b0  or \b [NP any of that]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VP+PP\b0\line\line
293. -- floor because you do n't want anybody \b [VP breaking in]\b0  and \b [PP not above the eighth floor]\b0  , you 'll be fine .\line
294. You 're not going to see somebody \b [VP suddenly flip over]\b0  and \b [PP against the views of their leadership]\b0  , go with -- say , a Democrat go with all the Republicans .\line
295. The next day is just as loaded , except this time she \b [VP 's up at 800 a.m.]\b0  and \b [PP on the set of Banks ' show by 1000]\b0  .\line
296. All right now , the analysis is that Russia and China , the two members of the Security Council that would probably hinder any direct action against North Korea , really want America \b [VP weakened]\b0  and \b [PP on the defensive]\b0  .\line
297. His tongue began to swell and he \b [VP passed in]\b0  and \b [PP out of darkness]\b0  and death had his hand on him .\line
298. It \b [VP is very good to have democracy in Iraq]\b0  but \b [PP not by not by the opinion of America]\b0  .\line
299. This 's \b [VP released after attacks to drive fundraising]\b0  and \b [PP as a moral boost for the group One other practical reason for distributing this tape terrorism experts]\b0 \line
300. They showed me a picture of my brother - in - law with a spiritual leader , at that time , I did nt know who he was , but with the Lebanese group , \b [VP backed by Iran]\b0  and \b [PP on the U.S. terrorism list]\b0  .\line
301. Pineda - Madrid explicates that for the Chicana feminist theorists , a liberative interpretation of Guadalupe needs to create space and support for Chicanas as speaking subjects , needs to heal and transform Chicanas so as to deepen their self - esteem , and needs to \b [VP enable Chicanas]\b0  and \b [PP of all creation]\b0  .\line
302. As noted earlier , chief among the new commonalities arrived at through intensive Native self - definition has been this decree to incorporate a sense of place , a special relationship to the land and the entity \b [VP now called nature in all of these buildings]\b0  and \b [PP without doubt in the NMAI project]\b0  .\line
303. She was so afraid she would n't be there when he needed her that she could n't sleep even when he was \b [VP napping]\b0  or \b [PP with her husband]\b0  .\line
304. People forget if you 're \b [VP looking to save]\b0  and \b [PP on a budget]\b0  , you can do well with free attractions such as some museums and national parks , he says .\line
305. He describes a scene in which people gather along the banks of a swiftly flowing river to find helpless folks \b [VP caught in the current]\b0  and \b [PP in danger of drowning]\b0  .\line
306. Attempts to correct Hartshornes mistake were \b [VP made by Westropp in 1920,31 and in 1929 by William Arnold Thorpe , a curator at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London , 32]\b0  but \b [PP to little effect]\b0  .\line
307. I was \b [VP bleeding]\b0  and \b [PP in a lot of pain]\b0 \line
308. There was so much sentimental restructuring in the neighborhood that we were in a daze , people kept \b [VP falling in]\b0  and \b [PP out of love]\b0  , and when they left the Saturday night parties the couples were n't always the same as when they came in .\line
309. A light with a sheet \b [VP draped in front of it]\b0  and \b [PP over the ground below]\b0  will attract a variety of interesting moths .\line
310. Accordingly we are always seeking the means to \b [VP offer the best treatment to women]\b0  but \b [PP with minimal scarring , both physical and emotional]\b0  .\line
311. So , we are at all of the hospitals where the passengers are still hospitalized or we 're seeking them out if they have been -- if they ' ve already \b [VP left the hospital]\b0  and \b [PP at their homes]\b0  .\line
312. It 's just this weird clump of legs , and then all of a sudden the ball will \b [VP fly out]\b0  and \b [PP with no strategy or game]\b0 \line
313. When they 'd first seen it the building had been \b [VP abandoned]\b0  and \b [PP in a state of ruin]\b0  .\line
314. To determine the seasonal variation , the mean ovitrap indices and egg production in each month were calculated and compared with Student 's throughout the study period , ovitrap indices in the - four types of outdoor environments and nearby households , and the indoor and outdoor ovitrap indices in these households in July 2003 were \b [VP calculated as percentages]\b0  and \b [PP compared with the ?]\b0 \line
315. Its games include a social element , giving users a new way to \b [VP interact with friends online]\b0  or \b [PP on smart phones]\b0  .\line
316. My parents , \b [VP raising me in the late ' 50s and early ' 60s]\b0  and \b [PP as such]\b0  , were very strict as regards to their children 's access to television .\line
317. Russia decided to offer to Islamabad dual purpose items At a meeting in early 2000 the Security Council of Russia opted for military and technical cooperation with Pakistan \b [VP based exclusively on dual purpose items]\b0  and \b [PP without damaging Russo - Indian relations]\b0  .\line
318. I did at some point , but I think that when you do that , then you put yourself in the position of reaching for something as opposed to declaring that you are a filmmaker and starting to \b [VP make movies with whatever you have available to you]\b0  and \b [PP in gaining resources as you go along and explore your art]\b0  .\line
319. Iran was prepared to \b [VP talk]\b0  but \b [PP under fair conditions and respectful conditions]\b0  .\line
320. Christ 's \b [VP dying]\b0  and \b [PP of a marriage]\b0  .\line
321. It shows the three - bedroom house \b [VP owned by her mother Angela]\b0  and \b [PP on the brink of foreclosure]\b0  .\line
322. At the end of the day , Silva stands at the edge of the cafeteria , watching as the cooking winds down , batches of tamales \b [VP made from recipes taught to her by her grandmother completed]\b0  and \b [PP on their way to homes where other families might learn to appreciate them]\b0  .\line
323. Estimation of Effect Sizes Inasmuch as the effect size is arguably more informative than statistical significance in a pilot study , ESs were calculated to \b [VP determine the strength of the differences between the two groups of caregivers for study variables]\b0  and \b [PP for the correlations between study variables]\b0  .\line
324. Such a view of the body , whether as a neo - Platonist prison or as a Cartesian instrument , disregards the more biblical and Aristotelian Catholic tradition of the human being as a single unit in which soul and body are complementary , which can be \b [VP described equally as embodied soul]\b0  and \b [PP as ensouled body]\b0  , and which is created as such and destined as such , both soul and risen body , for eternal life .\line
325. Mothers were contact ; satisfaction with mother - child relationship ; whether she had knowledge of child 's life ; child 's satisfaction with life ; age the child moved out of mother 's house ; city of residence ; highest education level ; what he or she is doing now ; whether the adult child was \b [VP married]\b0  or \b [PP in a relationship]\b0  ; and whether the child had any children , and if so , how many .\line
326. Yes , I know , chocolate cake with a melted chocolate center has been done to death , but the shape of a mini - bundt cake , I could tell by its appearance -- richly dark with a gloss of chocolate sauce \b [VP dripping down]\b0  and \b [PP around it]\b0  -- that I was about to cut into something good .\line
327. It would be very risky to have a kind of council that was \b [VP prefabricated in Rome]\b0  or \b [PP totally under a Roman direction]\b0  .\line
328. Yet Kertsz struggles to find publishers and reviewers here , despite his Nobel , whereas Mrai has had a book appear in English roughly every two years since the beginning of this decade , \b [VP released by major houses]\b0  and \b [PP with a growing following]\b0  .\line
329. If you 're \b [VP married]\b0  and \b [PP in uniform]\b0  , what have you learned after a decade of war ?\line
330. Several policy options may be considered to respond to the 5 groups problem continue to offer incentives universally , \b [VP offer them universally]\b0  but \b [PP with modifications]\b0  , offer targeted rather than universal programs , or abandon incentive programs altogether .\line
331. An Appendix contains a chart detailing the approximate amounts of the most frequently used drugs in the Czech Republic in terms of the amounts \b [VP considered greater than small]\b0  and \b [PP of larger extent]\b0  .\line
332. And the prior president of the World Bank , James Wolfensohn , was , in fact , for example , \b [VP having a very close the state of Mato Grosso]\b0  and \b [PP in terms of the development of soybeans]\b0  .\line
333. Some years ago , I had a lot of stories that I thought were \b [VP finished]\b0  and \b [PP on their way to publication]\b0  .\line
334. I work in a world of little Black girts , many of whom do not have fathers and rarely , if ever , hear a Black male \b [VP say anything kind to them]\b0  or \b [PP about them]\b0  .\line
335. London \b [VP is a loner]\b0  and \b [PP with good reason]\b0  -- she has a shady past that she 's determined to hide .\line
336. That we see her twice , \b [VP flipped]\b0  and \b [PP from a slightly different angle]\b0  , suggests not just photography 's necessarily perspectival , time - bound nature , but in fact an ironization of the reality effect from which we can not escape when viewing photographs -- an ironization not unlike that effected by Manuel Alvarez Bravo 's Optical Parable .\line
\line\line\b VP+ADJP\b0\line\line
337. She had expected a business named The Victorian to \b [VP be fancy in its clientele]\b0  and \b [ADJP ornate in its decoration]\b0  , but all Bell saw were the typical trappings of a crowded nightclub - sets of tables and chairs surrounding a decent - sized dance floor , a handsome T - shirted man serving drinks to customers twisting on bar stools corner , groups laughing and shouting to be heard above-\line
338. As long as there has been Bieber , offering a gentle introduction to the mysteries and heartaches of adolescence songs \b [VP flushed with romance]\b0  but \b [ADJP notably free of sex itself]\b0  .\line
339. To hesitate in this way is already to accept the broadest terms of Holly 's thought that questions of mood and desire are \b [VP properly put to art history as a discipline or practice]\b0  and \b [ADJP not dismissable as matters of incidental and purely individual psychology]\b0  .\line
340. Every laborer is under an obligation to \b [VP leave in the common enough]\b0  and \b [ADJP as good for other commoners to appropriate]\b0  .\line
341. It was like a lucky coin in my pocket , \b [VP having no worldly use]\b0  but \b [ADJP comforting to be occupied by a division of the Ministry of Commerce]\b0  , but it was n't hard to imagine it as Gestapo headquarters .\line
342. Downtown construction Expansion of the Brown center itself will be \b [VP completed by November]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready for the Super Bowl]\b0  , Tollett said .\line
343. Meanwhile , Pelosi hailed the feast of St. Joseph , a Catholic saint \b [VP known as the worker]\b0  and \b [ADJP dear to Italian Americans]\b0  , which was Friday .\line
344. The intrinsic signal can then be detected by a normal microscope and , when appropriately evaluated with imaging software , can give a bidimensional image of brain structures in which color intensity is \b [VP associated with]\b0  and \b [ADJP proportional to the intensity of firing of nerve cells]\b0  .\line
345. I ' m not , like , \b [VP throwing up]\b0  or \b [ADJP sick]\b0  .\line
346. \b [VP Begin with elbows bent]\b0  and \b [ADJP level with shoulders]\b0  .\line
347. , it \b [VP 's imperative that you rotate your chest through impact]\b0  and \b [ADJP even more critical that you swing your arms at the same speed you turn your chest]\b0  .\line
348. The one - quarter who are undocumented total about 12 million , although the number is \b [VP hotly debated]\b0  and \b [ADJP difficult to verify]\b0  .\line
349. When he and his dad reached the top , Jacob was \b [VP sweating]\b0  and \b [ADJP out of breath]\b0  but ecstatic .\line
350. Without waiting for me to ask , Trader - joe began rattling off - it sounded like rattling - test results , \b [VP all expressed in human measurements]\b0  but \b [ADJP too fast for me to follow]\b0  .\line
351. And pass the Maine Sea Salt , which is \b [VP hand - harvested on the Atlantic coast]\b0  and \b [ADJP additive - free]\b0  .\line
352. 4 were \b [VP exposed to the air]\b0  and \b [ADJP vulnerable to melting down and releasing huge amounts of radiation]\b0  .\line
353. Otherwise we 'll have this \b [VP packed up]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to go in an hour or so]\b0  .\line
354. The other five were \b [VP damaged]\b0  and \b [ADJP not battle - ready]\b0  .\line
355. They stood to either side of the doors , \b [VP hidden from the view of those inside]\b0  but \b [ADJP plain to any other eyes]\b0  .\line
356. Personal e - mails from President Assad obtained by The Guardian newspaper in London appeared to show a man \b [VP unfazed by his army tactics]\b0  and \b [ADJP willing to continue killing as many of his own people as necessary to stay in power]\b0  .\line
357. Before she could sneak in unnoticed , she noticed Josh , a former Harvard classmate and respected egomaniac , standing in her path , his legs \b [VP planted firmly]\b0  and \b [ADJP a little too wide]\b0  , like he was ready to dive at her .\line
358. The expectation is that people will \b [VP strive to achieve self - support through their own reasonable efforts in the labor market]\b0  and \b [ADJP unable to attain self - sufficiency or fall short through no fault of their own]\b0  .\line
359. Dried cranberries , like many dried fruits , are often \b [VP sweetened with sugar]\b0  and \b [ADJP high in calories]\b0  .\line
360. I guess they 're all \b [VP crippled up]\b0  or \b [ADJP dead]\b0  , Leroy said .\line
361. And they in turn are \b [VP wined and dined at the Villa]\b0  and \b [ADJP suitably impressed with Ferrari - Carano and their own importance]\b0  .\line
362. But this conspicuity of bare barkcloth only makes us more aware of the emulation of its value in paint on the upper left , and the gradual transition from the image of mat to a piece of actual bark - cloth in the lower right corner , \b [VP disguised in paint]\b0  and \b [ADJP identifiable only by its texture]\b0  .\line
363. He would miss the strange , endearing American expressions that flitted across her face from time to time , the way her eyes hovered halfway between fear and yearning , like a puppy \b [VP wanting to go home]\b0  but \b [ADJP not sure how]\b0  .\line
364. The teleost radiation , \b [VP consisting of the most apical or advanced ray - finned fishes]\b0  and \b [ADJP responsible for much of the established ichthyofauna seen today]\b0  , is one of the most remarkable species diversification events in the history of Earth .\line
365. Undesirable traits can be screened out , propensity for certain illnesses can be \b [VP reduced]\b0  and \b [ADJP healthier]\b0  , smarter or stronger people can be developed through cloning .\line
366. She was light and happy most of the time anyway , although I have caught her , unawares , looking \b [VP sucked up]\b0  and \b [ADJP airless]\b0  , but I never let on ; Zimmie rarely showed her hurts to the world .\line
367. We 'll have you \b [VP fixed up]\b0  and \b [ADJP good as new]\b0  .\line
368. The idea that drug use was an exceptional phenomenon \b [VP intimately connected with the licentious lifestyles of the Capitalist West]\b0  and \b [ADJP incompatible with the principles of life in a sober socialist society]\b0  had been widely supported by the ruling communists in the Czech society before of this phenomenon , widespread condemnation of all drug use was commonplace , and there was a more or less complete absence of adequate scientific research into this phenomenon .\line
369. But as rewound , and when I check my head , there they are , the stupid parts \b [VP cued up]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to roll]\b0  .\line
370. Until recently , the transit system has been \b [VP struggling to make ends meet]\b0  and \b [ADJP desperate for new revenue streams]\b0  .\line
371. Since these works strive neither to tell a story nor to represent objects found in nature , but rather to explore ideas about light , color , energy , rhythm , and texture , my response , which is \b [VP triggered by words]\b0  and \b [ADJP much more tactile than visual]\b0  , is perhaps not so far - fetched .\line
372. From behind her plaid wingback redoubt , she watched as her older sister , Regina , ruddy hair \b [VP yanked flat by a headband]\b0  and \b [ADJP thinner than her usual thin]\b0  , listlessly orbited the downstairs .\line
373. ABBA Gold Greatest Hits 1993 When you 're \b [VP listening to John Lennon]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to slit your wrists]\b0  , ABBA is the antidote .\line
374. Like Delorme , most were raised behind a veil of secrecy and shame , \b [VP derided in school]\b0  and \b [ADJP unable to understand what they had done wrong]\b0  .\line
375. 1 5 minutes , turning frequently , until tomatillos and garlic are \b [VP charred in spots]\b0  and \b [ADJP soft]\b0  .\line
376. She 's \b [VP calling from the teachers ' lounge]\b0  and \b [ADJP grateful that she 's alone in the room]\b0  .\line
377. LR2 has more than usual inside , so you do n't feel \b [VP crowded up against the door panel]\b0  or \b [ADJP close enough to tell what fragrance your passenger is wearing]\b0  .\line
378. Dimm and Cara were staring straight ahead , sober as a preacher at a brush arbor meeting ; not a smile creased either smile was big and horsey , \b [VP showing lots of strong , square teeth]\b0  and \b [ADJP so lopsided it made you grin to look at it]\b0  .\line
379. We were in the upper reaches of Brays Bayou -- , past where the stream is \b [VP bridged by Interstate 45]\b0  and \b [ADJP dead in the heart of Houston]\b0  .\line
380. \b [VP Never completed]\b0  and \b [ADJP long deserted]\b0  , it now sits in ruin like a statement from another age .\line
381. Eight classroom teachers who were trained in the CATCH curriculum ; subsequently supported in phases two , three and four of the professional development ; and were currently offering during school physical education were \b [VP contacted]\b0  and \b [ADJP available to be interviewed]\b0  .\line
382. This notion seems a bit patronizing and ill founded , as there are still many pieces of old jewelry \b [VP kept by Tuareg women]\b0  and \b [ADJP well known to the inadan]\b0  .\line
383. John tells us that Jesus sees their tears and \b [VP is greatly disturbed in spirit]\b0  and \b [ADJP deeply moved]\b0  and begins to weep .\line
384. It waits in the freezer , always on call , ready to \b [VP appear au naturel]\b0  or \b [ADJP dressed up for a celebration]\b0  .\line
385. We take care of them what too young or too old to take care of theyself , while our menfolks does battle how they got to in a world want to see them \b [VP broke down]\b0  and \b [ADJP tame]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VP+ADVP\b0\line\line
386. He is the artist who has floated a sheep in formaldehyde and \b [VP sliced a cow into sections]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  for the sake of sculpture .\line
387. He spoke in a soft voice meant to \b [VP reach Ty]\b0  and \b [ADVP no farther]\b0  .\line
388. Well , in their courtship behavior , so males will court females and so male -- females that were given a male version of the gene \b [VP were then acting more like males]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
389. qwq Maybe , if you want , we could \b [VP have sex]\b0  or \b [ADVP just]\b0  .\line
390. Coat rolled chicken with flour , then \b [VP dip into egg mixture]\b0  and \b [ADVP back into flour]\b0  .\line
391. Back to home and lunch and TV , and this is what the children run toward , not their parents , waiting with hands in pockets or \b [VP talking on phones]\b0  and \b [ADVP here and there]\b0  , the sensible , with arms fucking outstretched .\line
392. Indeed everyone seems touched with a high - desert ebullience that , together with Penny 's job security , leads her to plunk down two months ' salary for her first jewelry since her class ring , a squash - blossom turquoise and silver necklace she \b [VP considers an investment]\b0  and \b [ADVP yet actually]\b0  wears shopping or to work just like a native .\line
393. Clarissa Ward is on the frontlines in Afghanistan , where the enemy is \b [VP rarely seen]\b0  but \b [ADVP never far away]\b0  .\line
394. Also , let me point out that the editor who accepted the story had already rejected it once , \b [VP liking it]\b0  but \b [ADVP not quite enough]\b0  .\line
395. As in recent weeks , the markets moved in wild swings -- sharp drops were \b [VP followed by steep gains]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  -- underscoring the uncertainty .\line
396. One produces such a gigantic amount of data that it would even be irresponsible to \b [VP solely look at it oneself]\b0  and \b [ADVP only]\b0  pick out the things that fit and throw away the rest , or let it disappear in a drawer .\line
397. The participants may \b [VP use a phonological strategy when naming the words in the semantic intervention]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
398. And furthermore , if you 're going to tell kids that they can have a normal life , a family life , kids , to be well - adjusted , if you 're going to tell them that to be gay means that you 're going to be addicted , have AIDS , never have a relationship , never have a family , and \b [VP basically die alone]\b0  and \b [ADVP then]\b0  go to hell , certainly they are going to want to change .\line
399. And \b [VP sometimes obsessing]\b0  or \b [ADVP sometimes]\b0  attaching them to emotions that I did n't realize I had .\line
400. Mr. Bundt \b [VP stared for a moment]\b0  and \b [ADVP then]\b0  -- and here 's what I admired about him\line
401. When you 're here in this house and the furniture is not built for little people , and you have to \b [VP climb up and struggle]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  , would you rather that mommy and daddy had built smaller furniture ?\line
402. They \b [VP searched for hours and hours]\b0  and \b [ADVP finally]\b0  ...\line
403. So we just said , We 're going to move quickly on getting the movie made , and even faster to get it \b [VP finished]\b0  and \b [ADVP out there]\b0  , because the best thing for the movie is just to let it speak for itself . '\line
404. But there is every reason to \b [VP act]\b0  and \b [ADVP soon]\b0  .\line
405. So if you buy it online , you \b [VP may have to return it online]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
406. Were two guys , think about this Chris that grew up in Queens , is where the U.S. Open is \b [VP played at Flushing Meadow]\b0  and \b [ADVP never before]\b0 \line
407. When we come back , CNN airs video of snipers \b [VP killing U.S. soldiers]\b0  and \b [ADVP later]\b0  .\line
408. Your car , on the other hand , \b [VP just gets older]\b0  and \b [ADVP one step closer to the junkyard]\b0  .\line
409. Of course , the , which makes it illegal to \b [VP do business with it]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  .\line
410. If you have an Iraqi regime and Iraqi intelligence service that was supporting a jihadist group in the Philippines , it goes a long way , I think , to discrediting people who have \b [VP argued that Saddam 's secular regime would never be in league with jihadists like Usama bin Laden]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
411. Many here remain entrenched because they believe that after hitting bottom with Kilpatrick and the auto industry failures , there simply is nowhere for the city to \b [VP go]\b0  but \b [ADVP up]\b0  .\line
412. , it 's absolutely appropriate to be able to march your way through other people 's countries and to \b [VP send disabled and maladjusted people to their death]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on and so forth]\b0  .\line
413. \b [VP Vindicated by the Hutton inquiry]\b0  and \b [ADVP back in No .]\b0 \line
414. You are welcome to \b [VP visit]\b0  but \b [ADVP not too often]\b0  .\line
415. Should I \b [VP stand]\b0  or \b [ADVP just]\b0  - /I think he 's still tauohgtome ... ?\line
416. You \b [VP step into the gray]\b0  and \b [ADVP then back]\b0 \line
417. Let 's \b [VP go outside]\b0  and \b [ADVP then]\b0  ...\line
418. It does n't seem like you ' ve \b [VP been in the ocean]\b0  and \b [ADVP completely]\b0  - you 're dry there .\line
\line\line\b VP+SBAR\b0\line\line
419. and we ' ve seen enormous amounts of chloroform \b [VP formed in dishwashers and released from dishwashers during the dishwashing]\b0  and \b [SBAR when the dishwasher door is open]\b0  .\line
420. Now , I think gas stations \b [VP noticed that early on]\b0  and \b [SBAR that became a tradition in their metering machines]\b0  .\line
421. We have to \b [VP keep in mind battalions that came in from Nigeria to secure the airport and the seaport and to allow for relief aid to come into the country]\b0  and \b [SBAR that as the days go by , other countries are going to be sending troops as well]\b0  .\line
422. But it 's the little things - what I \b [VP ate last week at that new restaurant]\b0  or \b [SBAR even if I liked that new restaurant]\b0  .\line
423. We know , through studies conducted by the American Association of older adults \b [VP spend some time volunteering and regularly donate to charitable causes]\b0  but \b [SBAR that demographic characteristics influence the types of organizations supported]\b0  .\line
424. No , because there \b [VP 's]\b0  and \b [SBAR what she did]\b0  , but there 's just too many factors that are involved here , healthy lunches , you know , in the schools , which is a big part of it , the kid 's inactivity , you know , with all of the games and all of the video games and things that they do .\line
425. Lately , we \b [VP hear a lot about buying properties for rental income]\b0  and \b [SBAR if this is something that might be considered to augment retirement income]\b0  .\line
426. Five minutes later we were cutting across the park toward several people were standing in an island of yellow light - I had no time to check them out , other than to observe that one was a woman , because Stanky \b [VP caught my arm and directed me to look at the library]\b0  and \b [SBAR what I saw made me unmindful of any other sight]\b0  .\line
427. In the immediate aftermath of airline disasters , learned \b [VP are quickly compiled and released]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the government and the industry seem willing to take whatever corrective actions are required]\b0  .\line
428. Former Denver Mayor Wellington Webb , also on the committee , \b [VP called Montero 's outburst a campaign stunt]\b0  and \b [SBAR that any time the district makes a change , it affects minorities]\b0  .\line
429. When I give a global assignment such as Read Chapter 15 , students often report getting lost in the reading and being \b [VP overwhelmed up after the first few pages]\b0  or \b [SBAR when they encounter difficult vocabulary]\b0  .\line
430. I mean , to \b [VP try and get past everything that I ' ve been through and move on with my life and my career]\b0  and \b [SBAR what January Gessert found herself in the headlines when tabloids claimed she had a sexual relationship with Kim Kardashian 's former boyfriend Reggie Bush]\b0  .\line
431. Add sliced stems and \b [VP cook 4 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until tender and lightly browned]\b0  , stirring frequently .\line
432. Rather , the most remarkable absence is of the entity that can be considered the true father of independent India , the East India Company , which is \b [VP hardly mentioned in the book]\b0  and \b [SBAR without which the notions of independence , an authentic Indian tradition , and post - colonial revolution would not have existed]\b0  .\line
433. The industry \b [VP countered maintenance , repair and parts replacement at those plants]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the EPA changed the rules]\b0  .\line
434. Beth \b [VP enjoys the challenges of skiing and writing]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the world can be an exciting place full of challenges]\b0  ...\line
435. Helena , thanks very much , and we \b [VP wish you and your employee good luck]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the whole industry picks up]\b0  .\line
436. \b [VP Keep tasting]\b0  and \b [SBAR for a child to begin to enjoy it]\b0  .\line
437. It makes you \b [VP understand and realize how elusive that ring can be]\b0  and \b [SBAR how , when you have an opportunity , you 'd better make the most the Pistons ' present position leaves Brown in uncharted territory when instructing his team how to respond tonight in the potential close - out game]\b0  .\line
438. Drift a worm , half of a nightcrawler , or a salmon egg through the patch of water \b [VP running close to the bank]\b0  or \b [SBAR where the bottom disappears]\b0  .\line
439. But in order to make its own big noise , the story itself , as a whole event generated out of interaction , has to \b [VP have its various elements unpacked]\b0  and \b [SBAR what has been kept safely apart put back together]\b0  .\line
440. Our commitment has \b [VP been to the value of the invention]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it be implemented card would work Individuals with money in 401 savings plans would , if their employers permit , be able to purchase the new card for a 50 annual fee , enabling them to borrow money for routine purchases or major expenditures or , as with an ATM card , just to have cash readily available]\b0  .\line
441. This is Moses , a locally famous buck Indrebo \b [VP has been tracking]\b0  and \b [SBAR other hunters have been pursuing for at least six years]\b0  .\line
442. And when we were talking about this earlier , one of the points that you made is that , you know , officers often are walking into an environment where they \b [VP are n't sure what they 're confronting]\b0  and \b [SBAR so that they 're maybe hyper - vigilant]\b0  .\line
443. FOR CASUAL readers of business coverage - that is , most of us - the past 18 months \b [VP have been a crash course in things we never knew existed]\b0  but \b [SBAR that , we are told , have already done us all irreparable harm]\b0  .\line
444. see if he can \b [VP remember them all in order]\b0  and \b [SBAR how they smelled and what they did]\b0  .\line
445. All the home - schooled kids take karate , but it 's just a coincidence -and the bowling alley , which has broken bumper cars \b [VP parked in front of it]\b0  and \b [SBAR where she and her friend Katherine go at]\b0 \line
446. Even worse , the Attorney General , who directed that the second review take place , \b [VP did not read the memoranda that were drafted after the first review]\b0  and \b [SBAR that explained why the decision not to prosecute was made]\b0  .\line
447. Whether making farming lectures feel like religious revivals or handling customers questions at the family store , it 's this blend of agricultural potency and inspirational vision that enables him to \b [VP gross roughly 2 million annually and stand at look like quintessential American rustics]\b0  but \b [SBAR whose techniques are anything but traditional]\b0  .\line
448. We \b [VP use the AUVs in deeper areas]\b0  and \b [SBAR when we ' ve got a bigger area to cover]\b0  .\line
449. After Korea , Hughes \b [VP served at Fort Benning and West Point , teaching cadets English]\b0  and \b [SBAR that Moby Dick was more than a fish story]\b0  . '\line
450. It really \b [VP is]\b0  and \b [SBAR that you do n't have to eat out of a sack]\b0  .\line
451. THE SUMMONS Twenty - two years later , \b [VP driving north for the past decade]\b0  and \b [SBAR to whom I had n't spoken for several years]\b0  , I was thinking of these things .\line
\line\line\b PP+NP\b0\line\line
452. Some dioceses provided a sequence of topics 10 weeks \b [PP on the commandments]\b0  or \b [NP talks on the corporal works of mercy , virtues , or sacraments]\b0  .\line
453. These aircraft , armed with heavy machine guns and cannons that rake the ground , allow strikes \b [PP on dug - in Libyan ground forces]\b0  and \b [NP convoys in closer proximity to civilians]\b0  .\line
454. A busy teacher or school administrator may rationalize ignoring early warning signs of bullying , but events such as the death of the California eighth - grader described in the opening paragraph can serve as a clarion call that our society is struggling with conflicting forces of intolerance and more open displays of sexual orientations , of declining levels \b [PP of adult supervision]\b0  and \b [NP greater access to deadly weapons]\b0  .\line
455. \b [PP Behind all the rallies]\b0  and \b [NP all the noise for Trayvon Martin , the special prosecutor]\b0  and over evidence , seeing what 's there .\line
456. Toss coleslaw mix \b [PP with edamame]\b0  and \b [NP a dressing made with sesame oil , rice wine vinegar , soy sauce , orange juice , fresh ginger , and a dash of hot - pepper sauce]\b0  .\line
457. For example , the apparent link between high rates \b [PP of drug use and social deprivation]\b0  and \b [NP related problems]\b0  has been found here as well .\line
458. \b [PP By then]\b0  and \b [NP packaging]\b0  -- are ready as well .\line
459. The Ocean Course , designed \b [PP by Pete Dye]\b0  and \b [NP one of five golf courses at the resort]\b0  , has met Audubon International 's strict standards for qualification as a Certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary .\line
460. ENTERPRISE is a new - old recovery model new , in that its amenities -- \b [PP from chef - cooked meals to daily individual and group therapies]\b0  and \b [NP rides to A.A. meetings]\b0  -- are a far cry from the bare - bones after - care facilities associated with Hazelden or Betty Ford .\line
461. Relationships \b [PP with the condemned]\b0  and \b [NP those whose job is to guard them and execute them]\b0  are among the most intense and transformative pastoral relationships .\line
462. The Yankees ' fans -- loud , rowdy and clever -- are \b [PP on top of the game]\b0  and \b [NP the most intimidating fans in baseball]\b0  .\line
463. The necessities of life are things that humans require to support their bodies , \b [PP such as food , clothing , transportation ,]\b0  and \b [NP those things without which they can not carry on their lives in appropriate ways as they seek eternal happiness with God]\b0  .\line
464. AND BARNUM BAILEY Friday at 1 and 730 , Saturday at 1130 , 330 and 730 , Sunday \b [PP at 1 and 5]\b0  and \b [NP Thursday at 7]\b0  , through April 19 .\line
465. She had not thought of that concert \b [PP in years]\b0  or \b [NP the feeling she 'd had of being complete and whole]\b0  .\line
466. By graduation , a student will be equipped with a certificate in safe food - handling from the National Restaurant Association and experience from a senior year internship , which might be \b [PP in the school cafeteria]\b0  or \b [NP someplace else in the city , like Amy 's Bread]\b0  .\line
467. But still , the fighting on the ground \b [PP in south Lebanon]\b0  and \b [NP points beyond]\b0  continues .\line
468. More Americans work \b [PP out of the house]\b0  and \b [NP longer hours]\b0  , so we ' ve become more dependent on meals we do n't cook ourselves .\line
469. I and peanut butter sandwiches and peanut butter \b [PP in my hair]\b0  and \b [NP Elmo]\b0 \line
470. Kristol 's City College mates , Irving Howe and Daniel Bell , spent the 1950s writing books in the shadow of that same idea , discouraged but averse to despair -- Howe 's Politics and the Novel , and Bell 's Marxian Socialism \b [PP in the United States]\b0  and \b [NP The End of Ideology]\b0  ' , not to mention nearly everything else those men went on to write .\line
471. But I didn ' t feel like a married woman , and every time Petey came home after work and asked me what I 'd done all day or what was \b [PP for dinner]\b0  or \b [NP anything at all]\b0  , I nearly vomited .\line
472. In the current investigation , positive and negative affect are measured up \b [PP to 90-min]\b0  and \b [NP state anxiety]\b0 \line
473. Quality of chronic disease care for older people \b [PP in care homes]\b0  and \b [NP the retrospective study]\b0  .\line
474. The war in Iraq has exposed the United States to charges of arrogance \b [PP from its friends]\b0  and \b [NP imperialism from its enemies]\b0  .\line
475. Choose \b [PP from the low - rise trunk]\b0  or \b [NP classic briefs cut]\b0  .\line
476. Danny Glover was honored with the Chairman 's Award and was honored with the reading \b [PP of a poem by Angela Bassett]\b0  and \b [NP musical tribute by India]\b0  .\line
477. Addressing aggressive youths ' expecations \b [PP about social interactions]\b0  and \b [NP interpretations of social cues]\b0  could allow them to identify more productive social options prior to actual conflicts .\line
478. I mean , I do n't think they should have to read the Constitution \b [PP in Greek]\b0  or \b [NP anything like that]\b0  .\line
479. we were talking about age , and being \b [PP in the last box]\b0  and \b [NP all that kind of thing]\b0  , and I do think that you have to\line
480. It 's a very appealing country \b [PP at the moment]\b0  or \b [NP region at the moment]\b0  .\line
481. We have a bevy of people here \b [PP in Utah]\b0  and \b [NP the Jet Propulsion Lab in Pasadena]\b0  and at Lockheed Martin in Denver they 're flying the spacecraft .\line
482. Even though Whittam Smith had always presented himself as a kind of Gandhi of British journalistic integrity , in his inquiry he failed to contact editors who had worked \b [PP with Hari]\b0  or \b [NP victims of Hari 's open or pseudonymous smear campaigns]\b0  .\line
483. We have to find a candidate who can craft not a message \b [PP from the left]\b0  or \b [NP a message from the right]\b0  , but the right message .\line
484. I thought I 'd escape \b [PP from danger]\b0  and \b [NP shame]\b0  into the void - into nothingness .\line
485. Since Lee collects shell - studded French accessories , such as the antique picture frame , My friend Ruth Ann Risvold , who owns The Antique Chase , in Summerland , Calif. , convinced me to , \b [PP to the chandelier]\b0  and \b [NP trim between the tile and bead board]\b0  , the shell ornamentation is the handiwork of Los Angeles artisan Marilyn Bachman , who took measurements , selected the shells , and then attached all of them with a glue gun .\line
486. If large changes \b [PP in supply of]\b0  or \b [NP demand for these services]\b0  occur in the future , these valuations must be recomputed .\line
487. These included the figure of the Black Man constantly at risk of search by the police , lest it turn out that he is illegally in the country ; the man whom many white strangers fear , or with whom , in any event , they feel ill at ease enough to change sidewalks past nightfall or fail to answer when asked for directions ; the ethnographic subject to whom the most extraordinary questions can , in all good faith , be put ; the to represent and a certain wildness he is presupposed to carry within him ; the African traveling on a scholarship faced with other Africans and with French citizens of African descent , expecting from him particular kinds of behavior ; the funky , dredlocked artist to be discovered and marketed \b [PP by this gallery]\b0  or \b [NP that]\b0  ... For each of these situations , and many others , a range of masks was required , which it was necessary for Yamguen and his fellow Kapsikis to slip in and out of at various times and for different occasions .\line
488. As someone categorised at court as a loca or ' fool ' , her lack \b [PP of decorum]\b0  and \b [NP liberty of speech]\b0  would be acceptable .\line
\line\line\b PP+VP\b0\line\line
489. In Gaza , meanwhile , Hamas leaders insist that they are still \b [PP in charge]\b0  and \b [VP leading the Palestinian authority]\b0  .\line
490. Yet with few exceptions , successive Israeli governments have largely ignored domestic issues for the last 18 years , because their agendas , whether \b [PP by choice]\b0  or \b [VP compelled by circumstance]\b0  , have been overwhelmed by the peace process and its discontents .\line
491. But that is hardly reassuring to this city 's residents who , at ten thirty P.M. , are now \b [PP without air - conditioning]\b0  and \b [VP suffering the stifling ninety - degree heat that has overtaken this metropolis]\b0  .\line
492. Now approaching 75 , Marilyn still spends up to six hours each day \b [PP on the phone]\b0  and \b [VP answering e - mails]\b0  , counseling the hundreds of abuse survivors -- female , male , young and old -- who contact her from all over the globe .\line
493. But when you hear the death toll now , \b [PP above 10,000]\b0  and \b [VP still sadly growing as we speak]\b0  , and so many people , hundreds of thousands now apparently without homes .\line
494. The lavaliere microphone clips to one 's clothing , and the controls are meant to be \b [PP in a pocket]\b0  or \b [VP clipped to a belt]\b0  .\line
495. The poet who had eschewed the elitism of the monastery was \b [PP like Ezekiel the Babylonian city walls and household doors]\b0  but \b [VP spurned for his holy counsel]\b0  .\line
496. We skid to a stop at the trailhead , and before the dust has settled Joseph is \b [PP out of the truck]\b0  and \b [VP slapping the moment]\b0 \line
497. I have n't hit bottom yet , but I ' ve gotten to a place where I realized it 's out of balance , \b [PP five months off after Greenberg]\b0  and \b [VP went away with my family]\b0  , and it was great .\line
498. I let him go , and in a flash he is \b [PP out of the room]\b0  and \b [VP running down the hall]\b0  .\line
499. you 're friendly W \b [PP with betrayed your confidence]\b0  and \b [VP told your next - door neighbor that her teenager 's blaring music makes you wish her family had never moved in]\b0  .\line
500. Laura Dillon Burgess The Democrat \b [PP in Post 5]\b0  and \b [VP teaches sociology and psychology at Atlanta Technical College]\b0 \line
501. I think he 's just happy to be back with me and his brother , \b [PP with all his toys]\b0  and \b [VP sleeping in his own bed]\b0  .\line
502. Material and methods \b [PP at least 3 months with broad - spectrum antibiotics and local steroids]\b0  and \b [VP had undergone endoscopic sinus surgery in the Otolaryngology Department of the Sivas Kizilay Medical Center]\b0  were selected for this study .\line
503. There is so much in Lewis Carroll that is about being \b [PP off balance]\b0  and \b [VP falling]\b0  .\line
504. \b [PP After several hours of the hovering helo]\b0  and \b [VP traverse 50 meters of ocean to save me]\b0  , we fly to a nearby cliff to practice rescuing a stranded dummy known as Oscar .\line
505. \b [PP In the old orchard]\b0  and \b [VP pretend the trees were gnomes on crutches marching through the mire]\b0  , Sally finishes , her voice ranging through all the forbidden emotions of glee and delight .\line
506. \b [PP For further information]\b0  or \b [VP to apply for food stamps]\b0  , https 28;30480;TOOLONG / Source U.S. Food and Nutrition Service\line
507. Our preliminary report is that everyone is \b [PP off the plane]\b0  and \b [VP accounted for]\b0  .\line
508. I ' m solidly in my fifth decade now , \b [PP over the hill]\b0  and \b [VP sliding down the other side at breakneck speed]\b0  .\line
509. But there had to be something he could do that would bring back the old savor , the edgy sense that he was \b [PP in charge]\b0  and \b [VP making things happen]\b0  , the feeling that the world was a big piggy bank stuffed with change\line
510. In Iraq , women are \b [PP right out with them]\b0  and \b [VP doing the exact same thing]\b0  .\line
511. Were there missteps as a result of the fact that the FBI was having to be \b [PP in a lot of places]\b0  and \b [VP investigating terrorism threats]\b0  ?\line
512. But a lot of these things , the explanations - the kind of explanations that we commonly hear are - tend to be \b [PP a little bit on the legendary side]\b0  and \b [VP not necessarily attached to reality]\b0  , because they make a good story .\line
513. a site \b [PP in eastern Arkansas]\b0  and \b [VP widely used by the Woodland culture that predated the mound builders]\b0  .\line
514. Along the banks are houses \b [PP on stilts]\b0  or \b [VP set far back]\b0  , because the rivers flood higher than a man is tall , but the trees still crowd the banks , and it looks like something from The African Queen - or the Amazon .\line
515. Mr. Bush rolls out an economic plan that he says will help address joblessness , now \b [PP at an eight - year high]\b0  and \b [VP growing]\b0  , when in fact it 's mainly a payday for those who collect dividend checks .\line
516. that 's \b [PP in his hair]\b0  and \b [VP powdered on his neck]\b0  .\line
517. But I think that it 's great that he was included because he was a musician that came of age in the early ' 70s , when salsa was becoming salsa , when little bit of an attitude and getting updated , and he was one of the early musicians , one \b [PP of the early people working in that field]\b0  and \b [VP really doing a lot of interesting things with it]\b0  .\line
518. but I ended up \b [PP in the military]\b0  and \b [VP stationed overseas in Germany and also the Netherlands]\b0  .\line
519. I mean , it would make sense that the more a kid is \b [PP in front of the television sitting there]\b0  and \b [VP maybe snacking while he or she is watching]\b0  ...\line
520. Jones told Potts he could come to Shepherd , located about 50 miles northeast of Houston , and be \b [PP in charge of the middle school football program]\b0  and \b [VP help out with the high school team]\b0  .\line
521. In class , children pray together for relatives \b [PP in combat]\b0  or \b [VP battling cancer]\b0  .\line
522. he 's \b [PP out of the car]\b0  and \b [VP heading across the street toward a building there]\b0  .\line
523. But enticed into the sugar cane field , the animals were \b [PP out of their treetop habitat]\b0  and \b [VP competing for a concentrated resource]\b0  .\line
524. \b [PP At close range]\b0  and \b [VP moved into their own realms of envisioning]\b0  ; reliquary guardians played the role of antagonist in their literary ventures .\line
525. With input and representation from the private and public sectors , Infrastructure Australia would provide ongoing advice to all Australian governments - commonwealth , state and territory - \b [PP on the adequacy of what infrastructure we have]\b0  and \b [VP to develop a blueprint for the future]\b0  .\line
526. I cut it \b [PP into quarters]\b0  and \b [VP to share with others at the table , which was exactly the right amount]\b0  ; it 's excellent , but a little goes a long way .\line
527. My firm , Age Wave , \b [PP in collaboration with Harris Interactive]\b0  and \b [VP sponsored by AIG SunAmerica]\b0  , recently interviewed 1,000 retiree households to find out how folks were doing and whether there were differences in their experience of retirement .\line
528. The Universal Offer the government should set out a Universal Offer for adult social care that is widely Free urgent care for people \b [PP at risk of admission to hospital or being discharged]\b0  and \b [VP needing urgent social care]\b0  , all care should be free for up to eight weeks .\line
529. How do we become this complex human being that \b [PP from high school in Commerce City]\b0  and \b [VP went to Adams State College , where she graduated in 1995 with a degree in biology , but then failed the MCAT]\b0  .\line
530. Starting from the natural , inalienable and untransferable right of the Serb people to self - determination on the basis of which that people , as any other free and sovereign people , independently decides \b [PP on its political and State status]\b0  and \b [VP secures its economic , social and cultural development]\b0  , the Republika Srpska proudly declares itself a state of Serb people and of all its citizens .\line
531. What 's to love Request a room \b [PP with a fireplace]\b0  and \b [VP cozy up on the pillow - top king bed]\b0  at this ber - charming New England hotel .\line
532. Lots of members were coming to me because I was \b [PP on the executive board]\b0  and \b [VP asking what they should do]\b0  .\line
533. Some found their houses intact , while others found the houses \b [PP in need of repair]\b0  or \b [VP completely destroyed]\b0  .\line
534. My oxygen mask was \b [PP snuggly in place]\b0  and \b [VP delivering good air]\b0  .\line
535. Paramedics went inside and carted out a plump elderly woman who was \b [PP on a respirator]\b0  and \b [VP apparently having a heart attack]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b PP+ADJP\b0\line\line
536. She looked \b [PP at rest]\b0  and \b [ADJP very comfortable]\b0  .\line
537. And if all those data are \b [PP on the Web]\b0  and \b [ADJP freely available]\b0  , it 's going to drive a completely different kind of biology .\line
538. He was \b [PP at a loss for words]\b0  and \b [ADJP not able to spin at all]\b0  .\line
539. Why do democratic societies perennially worry about their own military 's periodic objections to civilian oversight , do military leaders conclude that they are either misunderstood or manipulated by civilian authorities whom they regard \b [PP as nave]\b0  or \b [ADJP ignorant about military affairs]\b0  ?\line
540. ... \b [PP for the moment]\b0  and \b [ADJP lonely]\b0  , yeah .\line
541. That would indicate magma is \b [PP near the top of the dome]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to burst out]\b0  .\line
542. And they say that in 1987 specialists were \b [PP at least on the floor]\b0  and \b [ADJP available]\b0  , while Nasdaq market makers were not even picking up their phones to take trading orders .\line
543. Peter , \b [PP in dirty tan shorts]\b0  and \b [ADJP barefoot]\b0  , was stuffing his mouth with cherries out of a fruit bowl and not deigning to acknowledge her greeting , taunting her , she thought , for depriving him of his father .\line
544. if you are \b [PP in your 20 's]\b0  and \b [ADJP healthy]\b0  you really do n't have to have healthcare -- Health insurance .\line
545. So it 's not because it 's mismanaged ; it 's because of what was referred to in the first question -- the whole health care system is \b [PP out of whack]\b0  and \b [ADJP way too expensive]\b0  .\line
546. Harvest Time Check your plants daily , and pick tomatoes by gently twisting the fruits from the vine when they 're \b [PP at the peak of their color]\b0  and \b [ADJP slightly soft to the touch]\b0  .\line
547. \b [PP Heavily in debt]\b0  and \b [ADJP desperate for money]\b0  , Ernie 's house of cards was collapsing before his very eyes , said the prosecutor , and so he killed his parents for the money , for his inheritance .\line
548. My little boy was \b [PP just in the throes of the caveman period]\b0  and \b [ADJP hilarious]\b0  .\line
549. No ghosts of beauty haunted her , and // at sixty , she was not so changed as the auburn stranded \b [PP with gray]\b0  but \b [ADJP still lustrous]\b0  .\line
550. Even if he is \b [PP in shape]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to go]\b0  , Uribe likely will miss time this spring because of an alleged offseason shooting incident .\line
551. She hears a popping sound , \b [PP like firecrackers]\b0  but \b [ADJP louder]\b0  .\line
552. And we are hearing reports of is saying that everyone is \b [PP off the plane]\b0  and \b [ADJP safe]\b0  .\line
553. It found most women are \b [PP in good health]\b0  and \b [ADJP satisfied with their medical care]\b0  , but there are troubling signs for those with no health insurance or in failing health .\line
554. It 's \b [PP like a macaw]\b0  but \b [ADJP much smaller]\b0  and ca n't talk , says Eddie .\line
555. Made \b [PP primarily from Pinot Noir grapes]\b0  and \b [ADJP often lush with strawberry , cherry , and warm spice flavors]\b0  .\line
556. Harry Ryan , Wheeling , West Virginia , Mr. O'Reilly , when you describe anyone who opposes the war in Iraq as being \b [PP on the far left]\b0  and \b [ADJP soft on terrorism]\b0  , you sound like Joe McCarthy .\line
557. Alternating rhythms of long and short are an important facet of Hemingway 's and Chandler 's styles \b [PP beyond the scope of this article]\b0  but \b [ADJP worth pursuing]\b0  .\line
558. Story propositions included elements that were \b [PP of sufficient importance to the story]\b0  and \b [ADJP independent from other elements in the story]\b0  .\line
559. To me , a success is when everybody comes back \b [PP with fingers and toes]\b0  and \b [ADJP still alive]\b0  .\line
560. Her hair was \b [PP in a bun]\b0  and \b [ADJP greasy]\b0  .\line
561. For the very first time since the Tiger cheating scandal exploded , his wife appeared in public and did something that was \b [PP totally out of character]\b0  and \b [ADJP absolutely startling]\b0  .\line
562. I feel good \b [PP with myself]\b0  and \b [ADJP comfortable]\b0  , and my question is Do the players who judged me feel happy and comfortable with what they have done ?\line
563. They live in southern Algeria and are most numerous in the eastern region \b [PP of Mali]\b0  and \b [ADJP southern]\b0  , Tasile - n - Ajjer , Adrar des Ifoghas , and Ar .\line
564. L Method PROCEDURE Individuals in the United States who were visually impaired and who had at least one child at home who was a senior \b [PP in high school]\b0  or \b [ADJP younger]\b0  were eligible to participate in the study .\line
565. There 's something very bright beneath the water , \b [PP probably on the bottom]\b0  but \b [ADJP seemingly close enough to touch]\b0  .\line
566. I think he , \b [PP in a positive way]\b0  and \b [ADJP able to sort of do all things to all people]\b0  .\line
567. It warns that potential increases in carbon dioxide in this century could essentially lock in a sea level rise that could equal or exceed several meters \b [PP over the next millennium]\b0  or \b [ADJP longer]\b0  and that many coastal and island features would ultimately become submerged .\line
568. In contrast , because information in the 2- and 3-day - per - week classes was presented \b [PP in smaller pieces]\b0  and \b [ADJP sufficiently spaced]\b0  , students may have been able to make meaningful connections through elaborative rehearsal .\line
569. CK levels 5 times higher than normal suggests rhabdomyolysis and are frequently \b [PP 100 times above normal]\b0  or \b [ADJP even higher]\b0  .\line
570. The doctors , being \b [PP mostly of northern European descent]\b0  and \b [ADJP able to drink milk]\b0  , worried about the afflicted .\line
571. He was \b [PP in his late twenties]\b0  and \b [ADJP obviously noble or rich from his dress and demeanor]\b0  .\line
572. All animals used in the study had been trained to move to feeding stations , where they were \b [PP out of the water]\b0  and \b [ADJP relatively dry]\b0  .\line
573. serve \b [PP at room temperature]\b0  or \b [ADJP chilled]\b0  .\line
574. I thought he looked \b [PP above the fray]\b0  and \b [ADJP gracious]\b0  .\line
575. But , Edwards adds , the downside is that the public may instead see a president who 's so rigid in his policies despite public opinion that it makes him seem \b [PP out of touch]\b0  or \b [ADJP unable to adapt]\b0  .\line
576. While the Bible is a big book and there are certain things that are difficult to understand , for the most part , it 's written \b [PP in a rather straightforward manner]\b0  and \b [ADJP easily understandable]\b0  .\line
577. Regarding the coping resources , the mean score of 4.0 for SC was slightly lower than data from normative same - age samples but \b [PP within the norms]\b0  and \b [ADJP similar to those of children after a terrorist attack]\b0  .\line
578. Both were \b [PP in their late nineties]\b0  and \b [ADJP bedridden]\b0  , hence unavailable until they came on duty at three in the afternoon , should they live so long .\line
579. I wanted them connected to me , not to be \b [PP in a car with little buds in their ears]\b0  and \b [ADJP able to tune me out]\b0  .\line
580. The writing disposition levels of elementary fourth and fifth grade pupils In analyzing Table 1 , the sub - categories of confidence , persistence and passion for the fourth and fifth grade elementary school pupils and their disposition for the whole of the Scale is \b [PP at the agree level]\b0  and \b [ADJP positive]\b0  .\line
581. , she was \b [PP at work with her staff]\b0  or \b [ADJP active in other Aleford pursuits that mostly revolved around the church and the kids ' school]\b0  .\line
582. Next minute I look in and the two of them are sitting there again on the edge of the bed \b [PP with their ponchos back on]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to go]\b0  .\line
583. In August -- \b [PP months after the primary]\b0  and \b [ADJP close to the end of the legislative session]\b0  -- Umberg had five bills pending in the Senate .\line
584. To close the theory -- that maybe this administration is \b [PP in bed]\b0  and \b [ADJP so beholden to the labor unions who are complaining that if this act were waived , they 'd lose jobs]\b0  .\line
585. We are getting more wetlands and has moved away \b [PP from potential building conflicts]\b0  and \b [ADJP scenic]\b0  a little bit further away\line
586. Even so , section 2339B 's usefulness in the war on terrorism is subject to an important jurisdictional limitation built into the statute The statute 's prohibition applies only to conduct \b [PP within the United States]\b0  or \b [ADJP subject to United States jurisdiction]\b0  .\line
587. She 'd be out here \b [PP in the cold]\b0  and \b [ADJP wet]\b0  all night , and the longer she wandered , the farther she might be from camp .\line
588. \b [PP Off camera]\b0  and \b [ADJP semi - relaxed]\b0  , the comedian Desmond O'Day was a wiry bantamweight in his forties with a V - shaped face and short , neatly coifed hair so blond it was almost silver .\line
589. We - we 're fully prepared to face the American people with the integrity of what we have put forth , the commitment to jobs and health care and education and a world \b [PP at peace]\b0  and \b [ADJP safe for our children]\b0  and with those elections .\line
590. Most frequently representing serotype 5 cases were persons who were \b [PP of First Nations heritage]\b0  or \b [ADJP homeless]\b0  .\line
591. Can be served \b [PP over ice]\b0  or \b [ADJP frozen]\b0  .\line
592. The CIA has reported to the White House that two - thirds of the key al - Qaeda leaders in place as of the Sept. 11 attacks are \b [PP in custody]\b0  or \b [ADJP dead]\b0  .\line
593. He was a sick man \b [PP in near - constant pain from migraines]\b0  and \b [ADJP unable to work]\b0  .\line
594. His death had left Ali a widow \b [PP at age twenty - three - widowed]\b0  and \b [ADJP seven months pregnant]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b PP+ADVP\b0\line\line
595. So Jesus says all the things that he says \b [PP in Mark and in Luke]\b0  and \b [ADVP thereby]\b0  , robbing each account of what it 's trying to say about Jesus in the face of death .\line
596. Announcing itself at dawn over New York with theatrical claps of thunder and lightning that roused some people from sleep , the storm dropped snow at phenomenal rates of 3 to 5 inches an hour \b [PP between dawn at 7 a.m.]\b0  and \b [ADVP a few feet away]\b0  .\line
597. In the 12th century Al - Idrisi , who worked for Roger II , the Norman King of Sicily and was reported to have traveled widely \b [PP in Europe]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , repeats Ibn Hawqal 's account about a specific type of Rus who kill foreigners and adds a little bit of information .\line
598. Incredibly adaptable , the animals hunt together , \b [PP with older wolves 's central valleys]\b0  and \b [ADVP north into the panhandle]\b0  , and along the fingerlike mountain ranges that stretch from Yellowstone south and east deep into Wyoming .\line
599. Ry Cooder on Ry Cooder Ry Cooder 's career can be basically broken the 1970s ; the movie soundtracks of the 1980s ; and the exploration of World Music \b [PP during the 1990s]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
600. The ones I spoke with \b [PP at Avodat]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  spoke of their obligation to marry other Jews and raise their children as Jews .\line
601. With more than 100,000 troops on standby \b [PP in Europe]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , that 's enough to launch a war .\line
602. Congress passed an authorization bill directing NASA to begin development of a large rocket capable of carrying humans \b [PP toward the moon]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  and to continue development of a multipurpose spacecraft based on the configuration that was being developed in the Constellation program .\line
603. N.C. Woolly worm races begin Oct. 15 \b [PP around 1020 a.m.]\b0  or \b [ADVP as soon as 20 worms are registered and running in the first heat]\b0  .\line
604. Even though she had now traveled \b [PP across the Atlantic]\b0  and \b [ADVP back]\b0  and been grilled by scores of inquisitive grown - ups , she was as sweet and direct as if my questions were brand - new to her .\line
605. It 's impossible to look at painter Wayne Thiebaud 's giddily flattened cityscapes of Potrero Hill \b [PP from the 1970s]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  and not feel a certain seismic energy pitching them into a foreshortened , woozy perspective .\line
606. This noon I went \b [PP around Lake Harriet]\b0  and \b [ADVP two miles farther]\b0  .\line
607. Even at this stage , he has learned to see his partner \b [PP off the dance floor]\b0  and \b [ADVP back to her place]\b0  .\line
608. The CEO - and - director club knows that pro - business judges \b [PP in the corporate haven of Delaware]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere in the legal system]\b0  will protect them .\line
609. I think there are a lot of terms from that same era - \b [PP like Nazi and Holocaust]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  - that people just throw around and mean it 's like really bad , you know , man ?\line
610. \b [PP Till this time]\b0  and \b [ADVP also later]\b0  we did n't need a lagerfhrer .\line
611. As expected from a wheelset this light , these hoops accelerated fast \b [PP in sprints]\b0  and \b [ADVP uphill]\b0  .\line
612. At dusk , before heading back , we watched the sunset over the lake together , the four of us , but later , when we were \b [PP at home]\b0  and \b [ADVP alone]\b0  , you said you could n't understand how anyone could stand to be with him .\line
613. Meanwhile , let 's get a sense of how hurricane preparations are going \b [PP in New Orleans]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere along the Gulf Coast]\b0  .\line
614. She gives it new lyrics , which become the Battle Hymn of the Republic , which is really the anthem of the Union cause \b [PP through the Civil War]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
615. It is for this reason that an ernoth never holds a position in a hierarchy for long , as its current position - whether \b [PP in power]\b0  or \b [ADVP out]\b0  - is always a source of anxiety .\line
616. The hollow sound of her footsteps in the empty shop echoed \b [PP in her soul]\b0  and \b [ADVP back again]\b0  .\line
617. Christo and Jeanne - Claude \b [PP Through the gates]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
618. She folded her hands in front of her , all professional - like , but her discomfort sneaked through in the way she held her neck stiff and her gaze darted from his \b [PP to the letter]\b0  and \b [ADVP back]\b0  .\line
619. The SAM was \b [PP in her blind spot underneath]\b0  and \b [ADVP slightly behind]\b0  .\line
620. Brooking never has been an aggressive player who attacks the line of scrimmage , and with injuries forcing linemen Brady Smith and Antwan Lake out , the Bears can run \b [PP straight at the Falcons]\b0  or \b [ADVP off tackle]\b0  .\line
621. My team and I have n't been able to document whether she builds her nest \b [PP before mating]\b0  or \b [ADVP after]\b0  , or how long she can hold sperm before fertilizing her eggs .\line
622. And Homeland Security Director , Tom Ridge was touting the fact that a lot has gone into upgrading the nation 's airports and airlines in terms of security , talking about hardening the cockpits and other baggage security , and also made the point that in light of the very real threat last week that some -- perhaps some suicide hijackers might take control of airplanes \b [PP in the U.S.]\b0  and \b [ADVP abroad]\b0  .\line
623. U.S. military leaders said today there could be 10,000 American troops on the ground \b [PP in Port - au - Prince]\b0  and \b [ADVP offshore]\b0  by Monday .\line
624. You want to go \b [PP to the hospital]\b0  or \b [ADVP back to the White House]\b0  ?\line
625. Conquistadors brought these ducks from Columbia 10 Spain during the 150Os , and from Europe , the birds eventually traveled \b [PP to Africa , Asia , Australia]\b0  and \b [ADVP back to North America]\b0  .\line
626. The four hundredth anniversary last year of John Milton 's birth was marked , \b [PP inside academe]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  , by celebrations which sometimes seemed to devolve into complaints about Milton 's difficulty .\line
627. The term Facebook to wrestle activity \b [PP in Libya]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  into a comprehensible historical event .\line
628. Come \b [PP with a good will]\b0  or \b [ADVP not at all]\b0  .\line
629. At the end of the lecture , when all of them seem visibly moved , he sets about inscribing the poetic lines from the wind book on their chins or cheeks , or \b [PP between their breasts]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere on their bodies]\b0  .\line
630. It is in the arena of public opinion \b [PP in the United States]\b0  and \b [ADVP overseas]\b0  .\line
631. And I think if you 're a newsmaker , you want to be \b [PP on CNN]\b0  and \b [ADVP nowhere else]\b0  .\line
632. The birthmark was what made her realize he 'd always been self - conscious of his imperfections , even before he went \b [PP to war]\b0  and \b [ADVP back to work]\b0  .\line
633. The reinstatement of pre - FPL rules , including unregulated polygamy , paternal custody and easy male divorce , involved so many insupportable injustices that it had to be modified , as women \b [PP in parliament]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  vocally pointed out .\line
634. We focus now on the battle over government spending that is taking place , as I mentioned , from Wisconsin \b [PP to Washington]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
635. Nikki nodded and dashed \b [PP across the room]\b0  and \b [ADVP back]\b0  .\line
636. In October , Taser issued its bulletin telling police to fire \b [PP at the pelvis]\b0  or \b [ADVP below]\b0  , to police , the company said the recommendation has less to do with safety and more to do with effective risk management for law enforcement agencies .\line
637. We have absolutely no problem with citizens alerting our department of illegal parking , \b [PP within designated handicapped spaces]\b0  or \b [ADVP otherwise]\b0  , he said .\line
638. AP reports on Dec. 8 , 1861 , that Union soldiers are setting up winter camps \b [PP in Maryland]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , the roads muddy and almost impassable for army baggage wagons .\line
639. It 's a potent pledge at a time when gas has soared past 3.60 a gallon \b [PP in Georgia]\b0  and \b [ADVP nationwide]\b0  , according to AAA .\line
640. During the 1980s office - building boom \b [PP in Denver]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , corporations were willing to pay a premium to be in a building designed by a famous architect .\line
641. And there is some progress in the treatment of AIDS \b [PP in Africa]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  .\line
642. Coming up , Paul Bremer , America 's former top man in Iraq , on what needs to be done to stop the violence \b [PP in Baghdad]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  .\line
643. Since the first cleanup Morton helped with last July , nearly 2,000 volunteers - mostly college students \b [PP from the Baltimore area]\b0  and \b [ADVP farther afield]\b0  - have come to help in Oliver .\line
644. The Middle East is at best moving to stage one to limit conflicts \b [PP to the ballot box and political negotiation]\b0  and \b [ADVP away from massively oppressive and violent confrontations and upheavals]\b0  .\line
645. When al Qaeda blew up a wedding party in Amman , Jordan , backlash \b [PP in that country]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  .\line
646. The additional dollars will flow in part , I think , from additional federal dollars I presume \b [PP in the 2004 budget]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
647. The Little Ice Age , a centuries - long cold spell \b [PP in Europe]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , began suddenly late in the 13th century , a new study finds .\line
648. And a big question many taxpayers face is whether to file \b [PP by paper]\b0  or \b [ADVP electronically]\b0  .\line
649. Other ancient civilizations \b [PP in Egypt]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  also linked the constellation with the form of a lion .\line
650. Can you talk about how successful your efforts have been and what kind of resistance you have encountered \b [PP at Apple]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  ?\line
651. Tony , what do you think the people of the Arab world right now , those who are rising in countries from Tunisia and on \b [PP to Syria]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  , what are they looking for , if anything , from a speech by President Obama ?\line
652. Often , after the conquests \b [PP of Mexico]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  , the Conquistadors complained that they were n't getting as much money , pensions and land as they expected .\line
653. Television stations in Atlanta and across the state not only aired local programming but also national broadcasts of events unfolding \b [PP during the civil rights movement in Georgia]\b0  and \b [ADVP elsewhere]\b0  .\line
654. And we hear that from many \b [PP in the region]\b0  and \b [ADVP beyond]\b0  .\line
655. By authorizing torture , President Bush and other individuals within the administration are actively endangering the safety of troops on the battlefield and Americans \b [PP at home]\b0  and \b [ADVP abroad]\b0  .\line
656. \b [PP Before the 18th century]\b0  and \b [ADVP outside of Western Europe]\b0  , marriage was a social and economic as well as sexual arrangement ; it had little to do with love and companionship , and no one much cared about whether women were fulfilled or not .\line
657. However , new cases of tuberculosis are reported annually \b [PP in the United States]\b0  and \b [ADVP worldwide]\b0  , and at least 8 million people still develop tuberculosis each year ; approximately 3 million of these patients die of the disease .\line
658. Inflation erodes the buying power of your money \b [PP at home]\b0  and \b [ADVP abroad]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b PP+SBAR\b0\line\line
659. Bake pecans in a single layer \b [PP in a shallow pan 8 to 10 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until toasted and fragrant]\b0  .\line
660. She does n't watch it hue \b [PP at night]\b0  or \b [SBAR when she does her homework]\b0  , says the nine - year - old 's mother , Chris .\line
661. In some cases it 'll be learning \b [PP about political leadership]\b0  and \b [SBAR how to work with corporate colleagues on the council]\b0  ; while with others it could be about forming partnerships as part of the children 's trust ; working more effectively with head teachers ; safeguarding and holding people to account ; or how to build a leadership team .\line
662. Lev Vygotsky , the founding father of social constructivism believed \b [PP in social interaction]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it was an integral part of learning]\b0  .\line
663. No matter what time you tune in , you 're going to get essential insight \b [PP on the threats and what you can do to stay safe]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether the government 's got a clue]\b0  .\line
664. He informed Clinton in December 2005 \b [PP of his readiness to fly high and fast]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it depended on what Asad wanted]\b0  .\line
665. If the bacteria gets in there , the infection can suddenly and rapidly move \b [PP right up the limb]\b0  or \b [SBAR wherever it might be]\b0  .\line
666. your tent \b [PP in a depression]\b0  or \b [SBAR where water might collect]\b0  .\line
667. Bake at 350 \b [PP for 12 to 14 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until puffed and lightly browned]\b0  .\line
668. Bake at 350 \b [PP for 6 to 8 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until lightly browned on edges]\b0  .\line
669. Multicultural education is important \b [PP because of the increasing diversification of cultures in today 's world]\b0  and \b [SBAR because it is associated with more positive outcomes in counseling]\b0  .\line
670. Prior to completing the inventories , participants were informed \b [PP of the voluntary nature of the research]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it would take approximately 15-min to answer all the questions]\b0  .\line
671. Enforced returns to Iraq are taken forward \b [PP on a case - by - case basis]\b0  and \b [SBAR only where we are satisfied that an individual does not have protection needs]\b0  .\line
672. We are here as just faithful Christians trying to present an alternative lifestyle and we do this \b [PP by letting our light shine and by us not doing it]\b0  and \b [SBAR if people can see that Kurtis Blow is still here and he is not doing it]\b0  .\line
673. Women often feel Woated after eating or drinking a lot especially during their menstrual cycle , but a woman may have ovarian cancer if she continues feeling Woated \b [PP for more than two weeks]\b0  or \b [SBAR after her period ends]\b0  .\line
674. There have been confessions before , but not confessions that stood up \b [PP under questioning]\b0  or \b [SBAR when challenged by the facts]\b0  .\line
675. By the way , for more information \b [PP on the show]\b0  and \b [SBAR what we 're talking about or other news of the day that we did n't get a chance to do on air]\b0  , sign up for my free E - mail newsletter at GlennBeck.com .\line
676. Lower heat to medium and whisk mixture \b [PP for 5 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until it begins to thicken]\b0  .\line
677. Charlie Crist , one of the few Republicans who are backing the plan in the face of conservative complaints \b [PP about its size and scope]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it does not rely more heavily on tax cuts]\b0  .\line
678. She had come from a neighboring village \b [PP with the ridiculous name of Losipotip]\b0  and \b [SBAR which was in fact one of the suburbs closest to Somb , the financial capital of Mboasu]\b0  .\line
679. n2 Sports offered at the university \b [PP for intercollegiate compteition]\b0  and \b [SBAR for fans to attend]\b0  are as follows Men 's intercollegiate sports are baseball , basketball , cross country , football , gymnastics , indoor track , soccer , swimming , tennis , outdoor track , and wrestling .\line
680. That measure prohibits the government public option plan or any private plan subsidized with federal money that participates in the reform package 's insurance exchanges from offering coverage for abortion procedures , \b [PP except in the case of rape or incest]\b0  or \b [SBAR when the mothers life is in danger]\b0  .\line
681. Local dealers say Mexico City police are less willing to ignore a car 's missing registration \b [PP at the market]\b0  and \b [SBAR when motorists get pulled over]\b0  .\line
682. Bake at 325 \b [PP for 1 hour]\b0  or \b [SBAR until almost set]\b0  .\line
683. The first week Mr. Azarian told us \b [PP about infinite numbers]\b0  and \b [SBAR how at fifteen he stopped thinking about 0 - 1 - 23 - 4 because that pattern is predictable and dull]\b0  .\line
684. Growth \b [PP in reading]\b0  and \b [SBAR how children spend their time outside school]\b0  .\line
685. Mortgage loan experts say there are so many choices that even customers \b [PP with lesser credit]\b0  or \b [SBAR whose income is lower than desirable]\b0  can qualify for some kind of loan .\line
686. Bake at 350 \b [PP for 25 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until filling is set]\b0  .\line
687. Often , books about food and wine pairing center on the recipes with somewhat brief explanations \b [PP about wine]\b0  and \b [SBAR what makes a particular match successful]\b0  .\line
688. It could be linked \b [PP to any number of things such as upbringing and deprivation]\b0  and \b [SBAR even because there is a higher proportion of those in this population who smoke]\b0  .\line
689. Indeed , I suggest that every linguistic form potentially contains three types of semantic information procedural , which specifies the role it plays in the interpretative structure of the sentence ; conceptual , which specifies its representational content ; and combinatorial , which specifies \b [PP with what constituents]\b0  and \b [SBAR in what way it may combine to produce more complex semantic structures]\b0  .\line
690. Have you ever seen your parents or other family members treated unfairly or badly \b [PP because of the color of their skin , language , accent ,]\b0  or \b [SBAR because they come from a different country or culture]\b0  ?\line
691. Well , two of them turn out to be portraits \b [PP from the period]\b0  or \b [SBAR soon after that were clearly had been worked on later]\b0  .\line
692. But unlike the local contests elsewhere , the Alameda County battle has drawn extra attention \b [PP because of the upstarts relatively large number of victories]\b0  and \b [SBAR because it has erupted Republican Party]\b0  .\line
693. Bake at 350 \b [PP for 35 to 40 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until set]\b0  .\line
694. It has finally forced us to look candidly at this period \b [PP between an intense disturbance]\b0  and \b [SBAR when the forest canopy again closes , and trees resume dominance over the site]\b0  .\line
695. To effectively use different types of data to address a common problem , researchers need new tools for data integration \b [PP across databases with different formats]\b0  or \b [SBAR that reside in different locations]\b0  .\line
696. Bake apples at 400 \b [PP for 30 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until apples are tender]\b0  and sauce is slightly thickened .\line
697. Add the onion and garlic and cook , stirring , \b [PP for 3 or 4 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until onion is softened]\b0  .\line
698. Although Denise would no doubt have dumped an old fart like me \b [PP in Las Vegas or Key West or Seattle]\b0  or \b [SBAR wherever at the end of our road trip]\b0  , I actually felt a hard - on , enjoying a deep - seated , predatory sense of repletion for this interval that she sheltered with me .\line
699. Mara , you also have some people who we have n't been talking about like Bill Nelson of Florida -- obviously , a big Medicare population - - very concerned \b [PP about this buy - in]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether it 's going to shake an already shaky program of Medicare]\b0  .\line
700. People came back regenerated , their experience intact , their health fully restored , bragging \b [PP about this disease]\b0  or \b [SBAR that they had had earlier but had been cured of]\b0  .\line
701. He doubted Serena was on the pill but she might insist \b [PP on finding her diaphragm]\b0  or \b [SBAR that he wear a condom]\b0  if sex was on the menu .\line
702. It was unclear whether the call was made \b [PP from the cockpit]\b0  or \b [SBAR before the plane took off]\b0  .\line
703. Dewey seems to be saying that collections of various points of content are less important than knowing what do with content meaningful , or how to use the content learned in school \b [PP to the benefit of the student 's learning overall]\b0  and \b [SBAR particularly as the student lives life outside the school walls]\b0  .\line
704. Lay cod in pan and cook \b [PP for 3 to 4 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until a brown crust forms]\b0  .\line
705. Khur - Shah attempted to negotiate with Hleg , but the Mongol prince insisted \b [PP upon Kh ur- Shah 's personal submission]\b0  and \b [SBAR that he surrender or destroy the Assassins ' castles]\b0  .\line
706. Grill time 3 or 4 minutes \b [PP on each side]\b0  or \b [SBAR until lightly charred]\b0  .\line
707. Systemic acyclovir distributes into most tissues and bodily fluids and is eliminated primarily by glomerular filtration and tubular secretion ; caution should be used \b [PP in presence of renal disease]\b0  or \b [SBAR when using other nephrotoxic drugs]\b0  .\line
708. The sun rises over the harbor , and there is a multitude of sailboats to photograph \b [PP in the pre - dawn light]\b0  and \b [SBAR as the sun rises]\b0  .\line
709. Do n't let their juices drip onto other foods - put them your hands with antibacterial soap and water \b [PP after playing outside]\b0  and \b [SBAR before you eat]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+NP\b0\line\line
710. I think he should see - I mean a grand jury testimony is \b [ADJP secret]\b0  and \b [NP all of that]\b0  .\line
711. And , again , they re \b [ADJP prosimian]\b0  or \b [NP a really primitive primate]\b0  .\line
712. Gladys , Ed 's sister , was \b [ADJP four years older]\b0  and \b [NP a good nursemaid]\b0  , steady in the way her mother had never been , accepting of the fact that life gives big burdens loved the grit in her , even if she was too serious , loved that he could count on her , even if she was just eight .\line
713. John Burris , an attorney who is suing BART on behalf of the family of Grant , the man shot by Mehserle , called the footage \b [ADJP outrageous]\b0  and \b [NP a clear case of excessive force]\b0  .\line
714. After all , it was only in California that her childhood fantasies , of being \b [ADJP rich]\b0  and \b [NP a kind of princess]\b0  , had come true .\line
715. Was it more difficult to be , in achieving your professional goals , \b [ADJP black]\b0  or \b [NP a woman]\b0  ?\line
716. Is this \b [ADJP stupid]\b0  or \b [NP what]\b0  ?\line
717. the center of attention , that , to me , feels \b [ADJP normal and comfortable]\b0  or \b [NP the word]\b0  .\line
718. Across all this continent 's between - carnival landscapes , we are , at once , a - thing - \b [ADJP free]\b0  and \b [NP 31;2188;TOOLONG motion and lethal instrument]\b0  .\line
719. The school expects 1,800 students this year -- \b [ADJP more than many of the county 's high schools]\b0  and \b [NP 600 students over capacity]\b0  .\line
720. It 's \b [ADJP habit - forming]\b0  and \b [NP a big cause of tooth decay]\b0  .\line
721. This is \b [ADJP natural]\b0  and \b [NP part of the lessons of resiliency and interdependence]\b0  .\line
722. There is no sympathy for people who are \b [ADJP incredibly attractive or terrifically wealthy]\b0  or \b [NP the envy of the average person]\b0  .\line
723. Pentagon officials say that DU is \b [ADJP relatively harmless]\b0  and \b [NP a necessary part of modern warfare]\b0  .\line
724. He was \b [ADJP exceptionally adventurous and outgoing]\b0  and \b [NP a risk - taker , you know , not afraid to do things the other young kids would be afraid to do Look]\b0  ,\line
725. The surge worked in Iraq , and our guys did a fabulous job , the men and women we sent there who was involved in it , they will tell you that it also worked because the Iraqi Sunni in Anbar , let 's say , fought with them side - by - side , were willing to risk their lives because they were \b [ADJP sick and tired of the al - Qaeda in Iraq , at all the killing they did]\b0  and \b [NP the irresponsible behavior they had]\b0  .\line
726. Today , nearly 75 years later , the retired UC Berkeley economics professor remains \b [ADJP active in the international economics academy]\b0  and \b [NP a passionate voice for the role economists can play to make markets more productive by operating with a measure of individual justice]\b0  .\line
727. You know , when you 're tied in the front and you do n't want to say something that -- some sound bite that 's going to be played for weeks that 'll make you look \b [ADJP foolish or stupid]\b0  or \b [NP something]\b0  , you want to play defense .\line
728. When he was \b [ADJP twenty - four years old]\b0  and \b [NP the junior member of Aitken 's lab]\b0  , he discovered a new way to coax extremely accurate TL readings from ceramics and invented a sampling drill that left artifacts relatively unharmed .\line
729. I would never wish Martina \b [ADJP ill]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  , but I would also , you know , fully appreciate that opportunity .\line
730. // She was \b [ADJP thirty - seven years old]\b0  and \b [NP a nurse at Walnut River General Hospital]\b0  , so she certainly should have known better than to let something like this happen .\line
731. What we 'd ask her Have you ever worn anything you later regretted \b [ADJP 90 years old]\b0  and \b [NP the last of the compelling Mitford sisters]\b0  , she recently published her memoir ,\line
732. In ordinary dancing , Adam was \b [ADJP competent]\b0  but \b [NP nothing special]\b0  .\line
733. I ' m \b [ADJP nasty and mean to people]\b0  and \b [NP the only reason]\b0 \line
734. I ' m \b [ADJP 45 years old]\b0  and \b [NP the mother of four children ranging in age from six to 24]\b0  .\line
735. ... and the same with the necklaces , something just -- and then we ' ve done again the Kate Spade shoe and bag that 's \b [ADJP gold]\b0  and \b [NP just a little bump]\b0  .\line
736. You do n't think this is \b [ADJP wrong]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  ?\line
737. There is a barrier of incredible self - consciousness in learning to speak Burmese for instance , in Burma a conversation between men is often \b [ADJP very close]\b0  and \b [NP face to face]\b0  , half the normal distance from each other as is comfortable in English , and holding hands .\line
738. Maybe they would presume her unfit to survive as a homesteader in Alaska or judge her \b [ADJP barren and cold]\b0  and \b [NP a burden to Jack]\b0  .\line
739. Does the military -- we always assume , outside the military , that there 's always -- the military 's \b [ADJP hawkish]\b0  and \b [NP the rest]\b0  -- and the other -- the liberals are anti ...\line
740. Furthermore , those who were diagnosed as previously depressed evidenced \b [ADJP significantly more severe]\b0  and \b [NP longer prior depression]\b0  than those not diagnosed as depressed = 9.82 , p The present study suggests that the ELMD is a valid and reliable measure of prior depression .\line
741. I often get emailed to me , like , change.org petitions , trying to petition Napolitano not to deport someone who 's , you know , \b [ADJP 17 years old , 18 years old]\b0  and \b [NP that type of - you know , valedictorians and all that stuff]\b0  .\line
742. I do nt see - there s not that many great roles that you d want to do that are \b [ADJP interesting]\b0  or \b [NP a new challenge]\b0  .\line
743. But the Colfax side goes to great pains to attached to the roofline along the front is \b [ADJP precious]\b0  but \b [NP something of a gimmick on an otherwise contemporary building]\b0  .\line
744. Oriental Nothingness , Hisamatsu argued , is thus \b [ADJP perfectly lucid]\b0  and \b [NP clear ever - present awareness]\b0  in which subject and object are one , 16 and a person becomes free from attachments to all things , whether these things are physical or ideational .\line
745. Your article asked , What would you say to a screen that 's \b [ADJP nearly five times larger]\b0  but \b [NP only half the price]\b0  ?\line
746. If I was running McDonald 's in Pakistan right now , I 'd be \b [ADJP very concerned]\b0  or \b [NP any kind of obvious symbol of the United States , Kentucky Fried , American Express ,]\b0  because when the leaderships say the same thing , to attack American economic targets , those happens next\line
747. What 's it going to mean if the Supreme Court says it was all \b [ADJP unconstitutional]\b0  and \b [NP a waste of time]\b0  ?\line
748. Although the honor code is invoked in these works , Williamsen argues convincingly , the female readership will perceive the terms of its representation to be \b [ADJP parodic]\b0  or \b [NP an indictment of the code 's failure]\b0  .\line
749. Waiting until kids are \b [ADJP at least 5 feet tall]\b0  and \b [NP 80 pounds]\b0  , and getting more of their weight over the front foot , are both excellent points .\line
750. She could n't be anything but a good ol ' gal , because a woman who has stayed single all her 43 years is either \b [ADJP pathologically shy]\b0  or \b [NP a woman who has learned to take care of herself]\b0  , and Lorna Jo did not possess a single micromillimeter of shyness .\line
751. But he preferred to be called Pete , and since he was \b [ADJP more than six feet tall]\b0  and \b [NP almost two hundred and fifty pounds of pure muscle]\b0  , folks did n't argue with him .\line
752. Bovarnick says their main concern is to make sure the protests are \b [ADJP non - violent]\b0  and \b [NP a safe place for families to share their feelings about the start of a war]\b0  .\line
753. Russia 's main demand is \b [ADJP entirely negative]\b0  and \b [NP nongovernmental organizations on its periphery]\b0  .\line
754. He 's \b [ADJP very manufactured]\b0  and \b [NP often times]\b0 \line
755. If the historian believes that killing the innocent and not - so - innocent on a vast scale in war is \b [ADJP unfortunate]\b0  but \b [NP the inevitable cargo of territorial aggrandizement , political unification and civilization]\b0  , then Alexander is a legendary figure who had the guts to overlook the bothersome details of the lives of nonentities in the pursuit of a higher , often metaphysical , agenda .\line
756. But Intel 's multibillion - dollar investment is neither \b [ADJP cheap]\b0  nor \b [NP a sure thing]\b0  .\line
757. student , \b [ADJP new to Vermont]\b0  and \b [NP postgraduate life]\b0  .\line
758. The data were collected using a web - based questionnaire that was either self - administered or conducted via telephone with a trained interviewer were \b [ADJP foreign born]\b0  and \b [NP 4,780]\b0 \line
759. The agency investigated \b [ADJP Ever Dry]\b0  and \b [NP her claims of harassment from Anna and 12 of her co - workers]\b0  .\line
760. These were not \b [ADJP UNAVAILABLE]\b0  but \b [NP WIRELESS CALLER]\b0 \line
761. At the end of the nineteenth century , there were 10 million Yiddishspeaking Jews around the world , but none were \b [ADJP habitual]\b0  or \b [NP primary speakers]\b0  of Hebrew .\line
762. Not to be \b [ADJP disrespectful]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  , on recording her second career title\line
763. Dwight D. Eisenhower once said , We were \b [ADJP poor]\b0  but \b [NP the glory of it]\b0 \line
764. If you 're \b [ADJP fair]\b0  or \b [NP just a low - maintenance gal]\b0  , lash tints safely darken eyelashes for up to four days , even through showers and swims .\line
765. Was I \b [ADJP great]\b0  or \b [NP a star]\b0  ?\line
766. We have no model for Steinberg , about whom we know almost nothing except that she is \b [ADJP Jewish]\b0  and \b [NP a doctor]\b0  .\line
767. Whether it 's because of \b [ADJP physical]\b0  or \b [NP some other kind]\b0  of distance , many of us ca n't visit a dying loved one in time to have a heart - toheart , or if we can make the visit , it 's hard to muster up the courage for the necessary conversation .\line
768. And I think the program this morning was \b [ADJP totally irresponsible and personally reprehensible]\b0  and \b [NP the kind of thing that makes it hard to get decent people to run for public office]\b0  .\line
769. It simply was n't \b [ADJP fair]\b0  and \b [NP a Yankees fan]\b0  ?\line
770. A poignant contradiction The artist wishes to be \b [ADJP original]\b0  and \b [NP a leader]\b0  , while killing himself to conform to a pre - existing sociocultural type .\line
771. On administrative costs You ' ve got all this paper being pushed that adds zero value to taking care of people , and it 's \b [ADJP inefficient]\b0  and \b [NP a waste]\b0  .\line
772. It was \b [ADJP glass and round]\b0  and \b [NP about the size of the lid on an olive jar]\b0  .\line
773. But until corporate prayer acknowledges God as \b [ADJP merciful]\b0  and \b [NP supreme ruler]\b0  , there will be no answers -- only vain attempts at making peace .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+VP\b0\line\line
774. But they played that middleman role , and the neighborhoods that are generally characterized this way are historically lower - income neighborhoods , neighborhoods where people of color live , neighborhoods that are \b [ADJP racially segregated]\b0  and \b [VP often isolated from other areas or cities]\b0  .\line
775. Warning You may emerge from Carsten Holler Experience , ' at the New Museum , \b [ADJP dizzy]\b0  and \b [VP covered in salt]\b0  .\line
776. Then one day he was \b [ADJP white as a sheet]\b0  and \b [VP wheezing]\b0  .\line
777. I 'd photographed the painting in 1985 , but now the building was \b [ADJP dark]\b0  and \b [VP totally looted]\b0  .\line
778. They 're all \b [ADJP reasonably priced]\b0  and \b [VP located within a three - hour drive from a major city]\b0  .\line
779. Last year , a nun who worked as an administrator at St. Joseph 's Hospital in Phoenix , Arizona , was demoted after she signed off on an abortion for a woman who was \b [ADJP eleven weeks pregnant]\b0  and \b [VP suffering from life - threatening pulmonary hypertension]\b0  .\line
780. She was \b [ADJP pregnant]\b0  and \b [VP standing before a room filled with what looked like dark , crisscrossing tree limbs]\b0  .\line
781. It 's \b [ADJP ultralight]\b0  and \b [VP built from a single alloy tube that is split into a wishbone design just behind the seat]\b0  .\line
782. Coco 's integrity was impeccable , and her heart was \b [ADJP huge]\b0  and \b [VP constantly focused on kindness to others , which did n't seem like a bad thing to her , nor a crime]\b0  .\line
783. But also , I mean , that particular combination , \b [ADJP awkward around women]\b0  and \b [VP having deep male friendships]\b0  , I mean , is that necessarily a prescription for anything , Professor Chesson ?\line
784. No , \b [ADJP that big , wide]\b0  and \b [VP recognized that , within a year at the absolute most , she was going to be out of money and out of business , unless she took ac shy]\b0  ; tion .\line
785. She seems to be \b [ADJP concerned about some of the things you ' ve been doing]\b0  and \b [VP saying since you got involved with The the house and call me back on your house phone]\b0  .\line
786. Perhaps style - savvy children can be repelled by things that are \b [ADJP ugly]\b0  and \b [VP made of foam]\b0  .\line
787. \b [ADJP Boyish looking]\b0  and \b [VP dressed casually in jeans and black jacket]\b0  , he has soft tufts of hair , his trademark pencil behind his ear .\line
788. That keeps their audience \b [ADJP strong]\b0  and \b [VP growing]\b0  , and it means a lot to the restaurants in the area who benefit from having all those theatergoers coming here .\line
789. He was wearing a black turtleneck shirt \b [ADJP sunken]\b0  and \b [VP set too close together]\b0  , and he coughed as he tried to catch his breath .\line
790. So after various other catastrophic incidents they eventually moved back to D.C. and my father got his post at Georgetown , and she stayed there for a while , but she started feeling \b [ADJP antsy in the city]\b0  and \b [VP pinched by the life of a faculty wife and author]\b0  , so a couple of years\line
791. This time might take me well over six months , but I do not respond to abusive letters , and if the letter is \b [ADJP creepy or scary]\b0  or \b [VP written in your blood]\b0  , site says you might even respond with a package .\line
792. It was \b [ADJP emotionally manipulative]\b0  and \b [VP designed to scare people into faith]\b0  .\line
793. Plant cool - weather vegetables such as beets , kale , lettuce , peas , radishes , spinach and turnips in late July , but keep them \b [ADJP well watered]\b0  and \b [VP mulched]\b0  .\line
794. Their survival still depends on clotting be \b [ADJP virtually virus - free]\b0  and \b [VP cost up to 200,000 a year , plus HIV drugs that cost an additional 16,200 a year]\b0  .\line
795. Johnson uses a two - step process First , she plants seeds in flats , and then , when the seedlings are \b [ADJP up]\b0  and \b [VP growing]\b0  , she transplants them to individual pots or cell packs .\line
796. But he spent half his life \b [ADJP dead]\b0  or \b [VP being reincarnated]\b0  , I protested .\line
797. A Maintenance Approach There are some Volkswagen Bugs that are \b [ADJP 50 years old or more]\b0  and \b [VP still running]\b0  .\line
798. He steps hard across the ground , moving dark and heavy like a wall of cloud , \b [ADJP deep as the water in the river]\b0  and \b [VP rolling]\b0  .\line
799. Trixie could barely take her gaze off him and tripped over Angus 's wheelchair while Christine just stood \b [ADJP mouth open]\b0  and \b [VP outright gawked at the man]\b0  .\line
800. The tiny roots are \b [ADJP fragile]\b0  and \b [VP easily snapped off at this stage]\b0  , so handle the presprouted seeds gingerly and plant them quickly .\line
801. But when you 're \b [ADJP alone in a room]\b0  and \b [VP typing on a computer]\b0  , explains Wegner , it 's easy to forget there 's somebody on the other end of the line and become oblivious to the consequences of sharing information .\line
802. The massive rings were made of rock walls , dry- stacked in the old fashion , not mortared like Roman builders would have it , \b [ADJP sixteen feet thick]\b0  and \b [VP reinforced by strong wooden posts every ten feet or so]\b0  .\line
803. Remove cover and cook 5 to 6 minutes more , stirring occasionally until onions are \b [ADJP translucent]\b0  and \b [VP starting to brown]\b0  .\line
804. These days everybody 's \b [ADJP so busy and multitasking]\b0  and \b [VP looking for ways to do things quicker]\b0  , Liccioni said .\line
805. Only it 's a description that 's \b [ADJP several hundred pages long]\b0  and \b [VP written in terms carefully designed to say absolutely nothing]\b0  .\line
806. These give way to three - family houses three stories high , which are \b [ADJP flat - roofed]\b0  and \b [VP shingled in dull asbestos or pastel aluminum]\b0  .\line
807. Daisy , \b [ADJP full of hope]\b0  and \b [VP slowly gathering excitement at spilling the words]\b0  .\line
808. Our recommendation If you 're \b [ADJP young and supple]\b0  or \b [VP looking for cheap speed over short distances]\b0  , jump right in .\line
809. She was \b [ADJP old]\b0  and \b [VP getting older]\b0  .\line
810. But what the younger Oliver did n't know then , and said he did n't know until he was told this week , is that his mother actually knew of the elder Brian Oliver when she was \b [ADJP pregnant with her son]\b0  and \b [VP trying to decide on a name]\b0  .\line
811. So if you act like you 're \b [ADJP excited for her]\b0  and \b [VP feeling good about her success]\b0  , there 's a greater chance you really will start to be happy for her .\line
812. The live chat is \b [ADJP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  at AC360.com .\line
813. The discussion that follows is \b [ADJP largely theoretical]\b0  and \b [VP directed specifically at assessing contaminant effects on reproductive fitness and population resiliency of species possessing a long - lived , K - selected life history strategy]\b0  .\line
814. Getting ready to repeat her senior year , Marinell was \b [ADJP homeless]\b0  and \b [VP living who knew where on the streets]\b0  .\line
815. Behind him the whole ship was \b [ADJP awake]\b0  and \b [VP churning with activity]\b0  .\line
816. A common question about knowledge is whether it is constructed internally , depending on a situation in a point of time or generally confirm Vygotsky 's notion that learning is \b [ADJP inherently social]\b0  and \b [VP embedded in a particular cultural setting]\b0  .\line
817. We were all \b [ADJP nominally Jewish]\b0  or \b [VP at least hung out with Jews]\b0  .\line
818. Alright , fine , said Elliott , \b [ADJP aghast]\b0  but \b [VP trying not to show it]\b0  .\line
819. The program enables parents who ca n't afford child care to hold jobs knowing that their children are \b [ADJP safe]\b0  and \b [VP learning]\b0  .\line
820. He 's helping to make sure the systems are all \b [ADJP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  for other gay couples tying the knot so their paperwork is processed as smoothly as possible .\line
821. At the end of a flight , my feet scream -- they 're \b [ADJP swollen]\b0  and \b [VP begging for a rest]\b0  .\line
822. \b [ADJP Directly east]\b0  but \b [VP obscured by clouds]\b0  , the glaciercloaked shoulders of the 15,000-foot Fairweather Range plummet into the sea .\line
823. \b [ADJP Three years old]\b0  and \b [VP crying]\b0  , never tuck her in at night , never kiss her good morning .\line
824. It would make sense to have all the imaging division structures \b [ADJP identical]\b0  and \b [VP appropriately named]\b0  .\line
825. A little , ' I ' m \b [ADJP black]\b0  and \b [VP going to make my homeboys proud]\b0  . '\line
826. A gift from her mother , a porcelain doll that had traveled as Natalia 's first mate on a boat years before , Precious was Sissy 's most beloved possession her peasant dress the color of pumpkins , her lips painted red , her hair \b [ADJP long and black]\b0  and \b [VP still smelling faintly of ocean salt and faraway places]\b0  .\line
827. So , yes , it 's true the universe is massive , whereas we are \b [ADJP small]\b0  and \b [VP quickly fading]\b0  .\line
828. But at the doorway to the lobby , turning the corner too fast , she nearly walked into the chest of a man she knew Jimmy , a new teller at Bryan 's bank , just out of college , \b [ADJP tall and trim]\b0  and \b [VP smelling faintly of beer]\b0  .\line
829. Her voice was \b [ADJP high - pitched]\b0  and \b [VP squeaked with nervousness]\b0  , and she mangled the Cantonese tones ; the customers ' laughter sent her bouncing from table to table like a pinball .\line
830. For instance , in 1987 , he asked Mahdi Obeidi , , how long it would take to get the first one \b [ADJP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  .\line
831. He is also survived by , of Pleasant Hill , the only other member of that team who is \b [ADJP alive]\b0  and \b [VP accounted for]\b0  .\line
832. This disdain for purgatory , however , does not mean that the mainline Reformation churches did not have their own version of eschatological anxiety , one \b [ADJP peculiar to a grace alone style of faith]\b0  and \b [VP attended by its own kind of competition]\b0  .\line
833. The slayings of the victims -- \b [ADJP all black]\b0  and \b [VP seemingly chosen at random]\b0  -- came during a time of political and racial tumult in the city .\line
834. Each one \b [ADJP alive]\b0  and \b [VP living its life]\b0  .\line
835. For instance , three of the basement windows were missing , and anyone might have just hopped right through them , then up the stairs into the house ; for instance , the giant oak tree in the front yard was \b [ADJP dead]\b0  and \b [VP leaning precariously toward the house , as if an ax about to split it in two]\b0  ; for instance , there were five leaks in the gas line and the house was wavering with fumes\line
836. Roberta was disappointed in the car it seemed too deadly appropriate for Nell , something \b [ADJP old]\b0  but \b [VP formerly swinging]\b0  .\line
837. The story was \b [ADJP so unusual]\b0  and \b [VP repeated so vividly so many times that it braided itself into memories along both sides of the border to the point that you forgot you had n't actually witnessed it yourself]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+PP\b0\line\line
838. The telescope , which is the Hubble Telescope 's replacement , is \b [ADJP over - budget]\b0  and \b [PP behind schedule]\b0  .\line
839. Whatever I need to do to keep our family together and keep these children \b [ADJP happy]\b0  and \b [PP in their everyday lives]\b0  , I ' m prepared to do it .\line
840. \b [ADJP Comfy like bed slippers]\b0  but \b [PP with a sturdy sole]\b0  , these camp shoes pack down tight\line
841. Matt had been employed at Boeing Helicopters in Ridley Park , Pennsylvania , since he was \b [ADJP eighteen years old]\b0  and \b [PP right out of high school]\b0  .\line
842. He 's \b [ADJP sturdy and stalwart]\b0  and \b [PP on the side of righteousness]\b0  .\line
843. You 're \b [ADJP home free]\b0  and \b [PP on your way]\b0  .\line
844. In the hours after the tsunami struck the nuclear plant , Japan 's leaders were \b [ADJP helpless]\b0  and \b [PP in disarray]\b0  .\line
845. The success , although it is \b [ADJP early]\b0  and \b [PP with the simplest parts of speech]\b0  , confirms the hypothesis , Kiebel said .\line
846. Sirens were howling and braying somewhere ; the spout had only grazed the coast and the emergency services , the cops and firemen and EMTs , were \b [ADJP alive]\b0  and \b [PP on the move]\b0  .\line
847. This food supply is \b [ADJP abundant]\b0  and \b [PP all over the field]\b0  , not just in certain spots spread out , though , is that they still have a very strong relationship with their young .\line
848. Ching was very effective when he was \b [ADJP healthy]\b0  and \b [PP in uniform]\b0  .\line
849. With die British occupying Manhattan , the American commander needed an encampment \b [ADJP safe from enemy probes]\b0  but \b [PP within striking distance of die city 15 miles to the east]\b0  .\line
850. Around Milan the conductor , \b [ADJP mustached]\b0  and \b [PP in a uniform so neatly creased]\b0 \line
851. There was almost no service the staff would n't provide , as long as it was \b [ADJP legal]\b0  and \b [PP in relatively good taste]\b0  .\line
852. My concern for Alafairs well - being was \b [ADJP much more immediate]\b0  and \b [PP without any solution that I could see]\b0  .\line
853. Some of the unanswered questions were \b [ADJP unclear]\b0  or \b [PP out of the service scope]\b0  , some others were simply regular reference questions .\line
854. Paludi and Barickman have reported that women who are \b [ADJP economically disadvantaged]\b0  and \b [PP of color]\b0  are a higher risk for sexual harassment .\line
855. Changing Traditions In Finnmark , Norway 's northernmost province , the Arctic landscape unfolds in late winter as an endless snowy plateau , \b [ADJP silent]\b0  but \b [PP for the cries of the reindeer and the occasional whine of a snowmobile]\b0  .\line
856. It is a place that is \b [ADJP lovely and rich]\b0  and \b [PP at peace]\b0  -- the romanticized Sudan of the homesick refugee .\line
857. The twins are \b [ADJP grown]\b0  and \b [PP out of the house]\b0  .\line
858. I try not to sell things at a loss - in fact , this department shows a very commendable profit on its operations - but this particular house is \b [ADJP too small for even a small family]\b0  and \b [PP in a decrepit neighborhood]\b0  .\line
859. It keeps them \b [ADJP busy]\b0  and \b [PP out of trouble]\b0  , she said .\line
860. And from piecing that together , and then our very good Afghan reporter was able to talk to some Taliban sources , very senior , on both sides of the border , and the whole thing came together to a point that we believe that Osama is \b [ADJP alive and healthy]\b0  and \b [PP in Afghanistan]\b0  , probably up in the mountains , around Qunar , and holding terror summits with Taliban and al Qaeda people , trying to ratchet up the war against the United States and U.S. allies in Afghanistan and in Iraq\line
861. Valente , the daughter of a retired senior Portuguese army officer , says she did not know the name of the official who helped her husband and would not provide information on how to contact her father , who is now \b [ADJP elderly]\b0  and \b [PP in poor health]\b0  .\line
862. The girl spilled facts carelessly , whisking them around with her glittering hands , and they piled up in front of Valdek , \b [ADJP thin]\b0  and \b [PP of unclear intent]\b0  .\line
863. This year 's circus , produced by sisters Nicole and Alana Feld , seems to have a different feel , with events that are \b [ADJP reminiscent of the early days]\b0  but \b [PP with a contemporary flair]\b0  .\line
864. He served bravely in battle but was neither \b [ADJP casually violent]\b0  nor \b [PP above the law]\b0  .\line
865. My favorite scene in this fascinating essay takes place at the tribal office , when Lowery -- \b [ADJP cardless]\b0  but \b [PP with relatives to vouch for her]\b0  -- is initially turned back by a hostile genealogical policing turns hostility into friendliness and Lowery herself into a kind of identity fetish Honey , the enrollment officer says , looking at the coded entries on the chart , now that 's as full - blooded as you can get .\line
866. He said Kissel sounded \b [ADJP sleepy]\b0  and \b [PP out of sorts]\b0  .\line
867. Regions are \b [ADJP inherently social]\b0  and \b [PP of many disciplines]\b0  .\line
868. This hot spot captures what hip travelers love about the Texas capital - it 's \b [ADJP ultracool]\b0  and \b [PP in several floor plans]\b0  , from spacious suites with balconies to European - style efficiencies with shared baths down the hall .\line
869. Quincy A series of small streams , \b [ADJP all cold]\b0  but \b [PP with good clarity and moderate flow]\b0  , makes this the choice for the hit - and - run angler , trying all is just outside of Quincy where Nelson Creek enters the Middle Fork Feather , with the best access on twisty Laporte Road .\line
870. The next year , I vowed to make that season \b [ADJP better than the previous one for my girls]\b0  and \b [PP for myself]\b0  .\line
871. \b [ADJP Nine months pregnant]\b0  and \b [PP days away from her due date]\b0  , 26-year - old Amanda Jones vanished .\line
872. He was \b [ADJP white skinned]\b0  and \b [PP of medium height]\b0  , his and he exactly resembled one who was bathing or had just bathed .\line
873. Homes in the Northeast , which tend to be dry and a little overheated during the winter , require a humidifier , while the Southeast is \b [ADJP more frequently damp]\b0  and \b [PP in need of a dehumidifier]\b0  .\line
874. Unfortunately , the video on these services can be \b [ADJP jerky]\b0  and \b [PP out of sync with the audio feed]\b0  .\line
875. Moscow 's conventional military forces are \b [ADJP weak]\b0  and \b [PP in decline]\b0  , and its army counts only near home .\line
876. They still had their lids , \b [ADJP nice and clean]\b0  and \b [PP with the delivery labels still stuck on]\b0  .\line
877. Topping it off are shorter and shaped jackets with bracelet sleeves for a retro feel , or cardigans - \b [ADJP novelty]\b0  or \b [PP in rich color]\b0  - that serve as fresh alternatives to blouses when wrapped or belted at the waist .\line
878. He is \b [ADJP self - contained]\b0  but \b [PP with a great heart]\b0  .\line
879. He scrambled up , still holding Teddy , and began to stumble around the room , bouncing off the walls and banging into the old green furniture , \b [ADJP totally disoriented]\b0  and \b [PP completely at a loss]\b0  .\line
880. She felt him , \b [ADJP intent]\b0  and \b [PP at ease]\b0  .\line
881. It is easy to picture Ben here , where he was \b [ADJP so happy]\b0  and \b [PP at ease]\b0  .\line
882. Chemists can create diamonds in the lab , \b [ADJP real in every way]\b0  but \b [PP for the fact they do n't come from the earth]\b0  .\line
883. The period between radiotherapy and sarcoma development is \b [ADJP very variable]\b0  and \b [PP generally over 10 years]\b0  .\line
884. They looked \b [ADJP broke]\b0  and \b [PP without hope]\b0  -\line
885. House democrat pulling their hair out because they feel like they are pushed aside by Republicans who previously were \b [ADJP antagonistic to the president]\b0  but \b [PP by the president]\b0  .\line
886. In May 1998 a sporadic comet appeared \b [ADJP bright]\b0  and \b [PP with a tail in C3 images]\b0  .\line
887. Well , we do nt know yet , but to the extent he was involved in the insurgency after the war , that one would either \b [ADJP different from]\b0  or \b [PP in addition to]\b0  .\line
888. His tool is a thermoacoustic engine -- a helium - filled pipe \b [ADJP up to two meters long]\b0  and \b [PP 1.5 meters in diameter]\b0  -- that converts heat into sound waves , powering a chiller or producing electricity .\line
889. \b [ADJP Terrified]\b0  and \b [PP in tears]\b0  runs down the hallway .\line
890. So , sort of asbestos dust that could get \b [ADJP airborne]\b0  and \b [PP into people]\b0  ?\line
891. \b [ADJP Sight unseen]\b0  and \b [PP without an audition]\b0  , Ferrante was booked for what would become his signature act .\line
892. As mayor , Ebrard is the top elected official over the heart of Mexico City , called Mexico 's Federal District , which has a population of 8.7 million -- \b [ADJP larger than New York City 's 8.4 million]\b0  and \b [PP behind Tokyo]\b0  .\line
893. It 's \b [ADJP shorter than the Pacific Crest]\b0  and \b [PP nowhere near the elevation]\b0  , so they decided it Natural - born explorer\line
894. dividerthe top tray slides easily over the bottom - is a customized organizer that doubles available drawer space while keeping contents \b [ADJP reachable]\b0  and \b [PP neatly in place]\b0  .\line
895. Although \b [ADJP unmarked]\b0  and \b [PP without exterior signs of violence or trauma]\b0  , heartbeat and respiration were definitely absent .\line
896. Lake Rupert - Water conditions are \b [ADJP clear]\b0  and \b [PP at normal pool]\b0  .\line
897. Mary is never portrayed as \b [ADJP subject to Joseph]\b0  or \b [PP under control of any man]\b0  ..\line
898. The hand - held camera enabled them to take pictures \b [ADJP unobserved]\b0  and \b [PP on the run]\b0  .\line
899. After 18 years of marriage , I was \b [ADJP bored]\b0  and \b [PP in a deep mommy slump]\b0  ; we have three kids , ages 16 , 11 , and 9 .\line
900. Miles pointed out that this extension of citizenship to Shoe Boots ' children was \b [ADJP due , in part , to the goodwill the council felt toward Shoe Boots]\b0  and \b [PP because of legal loopholes , which the council addressed just two weeks after ruling on Shoe Boots ' petition]\b0  .\line
901. This meant that they often did not get the information they needed in ways that were \b [ADJP useful to them]\b0  or \b [PP at appropriate times in their educational trajectories]\b0  .\line
902. This is because these rights are \b [ADJP rather broad]\b0  and \b [PP at an similar to each other]\b0 \line
903. \b [ADJP Small]\b0  and \b [PP of abbreviated forms]\b0  , it consists of a few rough marks defining general contour , nose and mouth .\line
904. And it is allowed by the bishop , as long as the stories are \b [ADJP wholesome]\b0  and \b [PP in line with our beliefs]\b0  .\line
905. There 's also a Denim style , \b [ADJP similar to the Original]\b0  but \b [PP with Workman 's style back pockets]\b0  .\line
906. The Webelos Scout looks up to me , me being \b [ADJP older]\b0  and \b [PP with so much experience as a comic page hero]\b0  .\line
907. The Transportation Security Administration is requesting that passengers pack carry - on bags \b [ADJP lighter]\b0  and \b [PP with less clutter]\b0  .\line
908. A three - person tent that 's \b [ADJP less than 5 pounds]\b0  and \b [PP well under 200]\b0  ?\line
909. If you 're doing it right , you 'll feel \b [ADJP calmer]\b0  and \b [PP more in control]\b0  , says Morehouse .\line
910. Arcolin led the way down the aisle between rows of tie stalls to the box stalls at the end , \b [ADJP empty now]\b0  but \b [PP for his and Cracolnya 's mounts]\b0  .\line
911. Her breasts grow large and firm , her skin looks dewy and she awakens each day feeling \b [ADJP naturally contented]\b0  and \b [PP at ease]\b0  .\line
912. Speed through your A.M. and P.M. routines by keeping essentials \b [ADJP spillproof]\b0  and \b [PP within reach]\b0  .\line
913. In Montessori classrooms , instead of sitting in desks being talked at , children are shown skills to enable them to be \b [ADJP independent]\b0  and \b [PP in control of their actions and their lives]\b0  .\line
914. That Dr. Berzins and that doctor wife of his are back in Latvia now , \b [ADJP safe and snug in the Soviet Union]\b0  and \b [PP out of reach of American law]\b0  .\line
915. These people are \b [ADJP completely moderate]\b0  and \b [PP without extremist tendencies]\b0  .\line
916. For most of its history Trieste has been \b [ADJP multiethnic and cosmopolitan]\b0  but \b [PP not without serious conflict and tension]\b0  .\line
917. The provenance of the journal is \b [ADJP clear]\b0  and \b [PP under no doubt]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+ADVP\b0\line\line
918. She 's both relieved and depressed to see him \b [ADJP alive]\b0  and \b [ADVP back in her life]\b0  .\line
919. It was , - George , and Rick , our producer , and Antony , our director , were \b [ADJP very insistent]\b0  and \b [ADVP quite rightly so]\b0  in the fact that we feel what it was like to go through the kind of training they did .\line
920. He was \b [ADJP only six years old]\b0  and \b [ADVP alone]\b0  on the grounds of a junior high school near his home .\line
921. Now the Times replied to this statement saying , quote , Mr. Steinberg 's statement is \b [ADJP insulting]\b0  and \b [ADVP off base]\b0  .\line
922. And , believe it or not , as you head to the Southeast , temperature is just a little bit below normal for this time of the year with some showers popping up through south Florida , \b [ADJP typical for this time of the year]\b0  and \b [ADVP up through South Carolina and North Carolina , etc]\b0  .\line
923. For eleven years , during which my life became progressively busier and more complex , the times I remembered Irina were \b [ADJP few]\b0  and \b [ADVP far between]\b0  .\line
924. Hi , sweetie , Mom 's voice sounds \b [ADJP slurred]\b0  and \b [ADVP far away]\b0  .\line
925. Since policy jobs were \b [ADJP few]\b0  and \b [ADVP far between]\b0  in his native Pennsylvania , he took a gamble and moved to Washington , D.C. , where he might have a real shot at getting the job of his dreams .\line
926. \b [ADJP So methodical at work]\b0  and \b [ADVP afterwards]\b0  the when he 's OK , he 'll hear from me .\line
927. The birds stopped weaving in the air and settled into a mixed flock with Pam at the center , holding a flat smooth trajectory , \b [ADJP higher]\b0  and \b [ADVP far faster]\b0  than natural birds can fly .\line
928. Thankfully , officer Bermuda is \b [ADJP OK]\b0  and \b [ADVP back on duty]\b0  .\line
929. I blow into the microphone to test the sound as I listen back to that underwater clarinet sound I am starting to get used to - not quite muffled , more like extra resonances inside an insulated box ; then there are more overtones , making it all \b [ADJP somewhat bell - like]\b0  and \b [ADVP far away]\b0  .\line
930. He would n't have been so popular if his message was not \b [ADJP moderate]\b0  and \b [ADVP across the board]\b0  , Begg said in a phone interview from London .\line
931. \b [ADJP Relaxed]\b0  and \b [ADVP away from our usual obligations like that]\b0  , our imaginations tend to free up .\line
932. Now he has become \b [ADJP ugly]\b0  but \b [ADVP as long as he pays]\b0  .\line
933. Hair still well groomed , nails too , skin \b [ADJP a wee bit gray]\b0  but \b [ADVP not terribly so]\b0  .\line
934. Young people in particular were \b [ADJP easy to refocus on banal and harmless sins]\b0  and \b [ADVP away from thoughts that could actually be dangerous]\b0  .\line
935. Marlene , \b [ADJP forty - six]\b0  and \b [ADVP well]\b0  into her second marriage , liked nothing more than to discuss Knox 's lack of savvy when it came to relationships -- or , more accurately , the one relationship she 'd ever had .\line
936. Robb and Jon sat \b [ADJP tall]\b0  and \b [ADVP still]\b0  on their horses , with Bran between them on his pony , trying to seem older than seven , trying to pretend that he 'd seen all this before .\line
937. To be most effective , the roof should be \b [ADJP fully exposed]\b0  and \b [ADVP away contamination from rotting leaves or droppings from birds and insects in the trees]\b0  .\line
938. They were evenly arranged at great distance from a particular spot within the Milky Way -- a spot \b [ADJP rich in stars and nebulae]\b0  and \b [ADVP far from our solar system]\b0  .\line
939. They are -- they 're using a bed that they do n't -- they really should n't be in , and that 's making it harder for somebody else who is \b [ADJP potentially]\b0  and \b [ADVP likely]\b0  much sicker , it makes it harder for that person to get into the hospital .\line
940. On the far side , hamlets got \b [ADJP fewer]\b0  and \b [ADVP farther apart]\b0  , separated by high ridgelines and forest belts but the people got friendlier .\line
941. But external threats are \b [ADJP few]\b0  and \b [ADVP far between]\b0  , and usually they come from other vampires .\line
942. These things are \b [ADJP hard]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  .\line
943. They are \b [ADJP small]\b0  and \b [ADVP everywhere underfoot]\b0  and Maud feels as if she is walking among dwarves .\line
944. I am \b [ADJP deeply opaque to myself in the present]\b0  and \b [ADVP even more so as the present recedes into the past]\b0  .\line
945. In between semesters like this , the people were \b [ADJP few]\b0  and \b [ADVP far between]\b0  , but the coffee shop was still open .\line
946. It 's \b [ADJP silent]\b0  and \b [ADVP far away]\b0  , like when she was hospitalized for the procedure .\line
947. As the two men shake hands amiably enough -- it was debate that was \b [ADJP certainly combative]\b0  but \b [ADVP certainly]\b0  not un - civil .\line
948. And if we were in a really tiny car driving across the pancake as opposed to driving in a full - size car across Kansas , would we find the scenery \b [ADJP bumpier on the pancake]\b0  or \b [ADVP less so]\b0  or just about the same ?\line
949. They plan to compensate by being \b [ADJP more athletic]\b0  and \b [ADVP better defensively]\b0  .\line
950. I ' ve seen the real world in rivers , \b [ADJP lazy]\b0  or \b [ADVP a great distance away]\b0  ...\line
\line\line\b ADJP+SBAR\b0\line\line
951. // The long , cold winter had come and gone , and somehow I 'd made it through and finished both manuscripts , \b [ADJP Cold as Ice]\b0  and \b [SBAR When the Rain Comes]\b0  .\line
952. Weber specifically turned to Islam and Hinduism as cases to predestination that were \b [ADJP central to Protestant theology]\b0  and \b [SBAR from which emerged modern capitalism]\b0  .\line
953. They act \b [ADJP guilty and strange]\b0  and \b [SBAR as if they are about to ruin his life]\b0  .\line
954. It was \b [ADJP old and torn]\b0  and \b [SBAR as she]\b0 \line
955. Given patrons ' obvious inclination to use text be \b [ADJP familiar with reference and information sources on the web]\b0  and \b [SBAR how to effectively search and locate information within them]\b0  .\line
956. Replications are welcome , especially when the original study has been published in a source that is \b [ADJP unlikely to come to the attention of the practitioners who would use the procedures in their work]\b0  or \b [SBAR when the replication includes some change in the procedures , population , or setting for the study]\b0  .\line
957. It looks \b [ADJP real ugly]\b0  and \b [SBAR like the man does n't care enough how he looks to people to even do a good job of shaving]\b0  .\line
958. Perhaps the biggest surprise is that the Illinois Derby , \b [ADJP worth 500,000 this year]\b0  and \b [SBAR which produced 2002 Derby winner War Emblem]\b0  , is not a points race .\line
959. We want to make \b [ADJP sure there are some boundaries in programs with federal financial aid]\b0  and \b [SBAR that consumers have the best information possible about their position]\b0  , Shireman said .\line
960. Because of this physicality , boys tend to be \b [ADJP more rough and tumble]\b0  or \b [SBAR what is often referred to as boys being boys]\b0  .\line
961. The issue is \b [ADJP tactical]\b0  and \b [SBAR how and when to do that]\b0  .\line
962. It 's \b [ADJP deep]\b0  and \b [SBAR where there 's no light and where the planet is breathing]\b0  .\line
963. The most frequent comments students made in 2003 - 2004 were \b [ADJP related to the online format of the classes]\b0  and \b [SBAR that they liked being able to work on their own schedule]\b0  .\line
964. This system will allow your terrier to run as much as she likes , but with the restrictions necessary to keep her \b [ADJP safe]\b0  and \b [SBAR where she belongs]\b0  .\line
965. Meetings should be arranged at times when parents are likely to be \b [ADJP available]\b0  and \b [SBAR with child care provided]\b0  .\line
966. In many ways , we know \b [ADJP so much more about what stress does to you]\b0  and \b [SBAR that it 's an important thing to keep an eye on]\b0  .\line
967. Audra had felt \b [ADJP so bad]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the church paid some woman to cook for all of them]\b0  .\line
968. There are few examples -- - perhaps slavery is the only one -- - that are \b [ADJP more troubling]\b0  and \b [SBAR where the state behaved more tragically and unforgivably than in the sterilization campaigns of the early and mid-20th century]\b0  , said\line
969. , recalls that after each child 's birth her husband became \b [ADJP very focused on money and savings]\b0  and \b [SBAR how much they were spending]\b0  .\line
970. Jolly , clinical coordinator for Northside Hospital 's Corporate and Community Health Solutions , recommends some ways to ease relaxation into your day Do something for yourself , even if it feels \b [ADJP selfish]\b0  or \b [SBAR like you 're taking time away from your family]\b0  .\line
971. Overall , these criteria are \b [ADJP less restrictive than the Kansas GWI severity of chronic symptoms required for CDC cases]\b0  and \b [SBAR because the CDC definition does not exclude veterans with medical or psychiatric diagnoses that potentially account for their symptoms]\b0  .\line
972. But \b [ADJP stupid or gullible]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever you wanted to call him]\b0  , he had to follow through , mainly because Eber had said so , but also because his hand was already going there - he had to see what it was like , what she acted like , what she did Plucked his hand off , sighed , and said the thing about growing up .\line
973. Most happily and with the innocence of a farm girl , Mara examined the fabric and stitching of dress after dress , pleased to find that the vendors were \b [ADJP very kind]\b0  and \b [SBAR not at all what she had expected]\b0  .\line
974. They announced that he was charged with material support for terrorism , but because of procedural reasons , he did nt answer \b [ADJP not guilty]\b0  or \b [SBAR whatever he might have responded]\b0  .\line
975. The app will focus on making \b [ADJP sure users are n't being interrupted]\b0  and \b [SBAR that both parties want to meet before any kind of virtual introduction is made]\b0  , app 's company\line
976. So make \b [ADJP sure your memoir , autobiographical novel , essay collection or self - help book is mostly about you]\b0  and \b [SBAR that you question , challenge and trash yourself more than anybody else]\b0  .\line
977. Stories are \b [ADJP very comforting]\b0  but \b [SBAR especially when they have something]\b0 \line
978. For instance , there are the Brazilian banana , which is small and firm with a sweet flavor ; the stubby manzano banana , which is a good addition to salads ; the nino , \b [ADJP a mere 3 inches long]\b0  and \b [SBAR what Quick calls the best choice to saute or use in cooked dessert recipes]\b0  ; the red , which has a peach - colored flesh and flavor similar to peaches and raspberries , and the plaintain , often called the vegetable banana , is used , as mentioned earlier , as a starchy side dish .\line
\line\line\b ADVP+NP\b0\line\line
979. Unless there are injuries or trades between \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [NP opening day]\b0  .\line
980. And why did n't he make that release before the Memorial Day holiday period so that people could prepare travel plans for \b [ADVP then]\b0  and \b [NP the rest of the summer]\b0  ?\line
981. The second step , a protecting cream with an SPF of 30 , should be used \b [ADVP immediately afterward]\b0  or \b [NP the following morning]\b0  .\line
982. There were birthdays celebrated \b [ADVP there]\b0  and \b [NP anniversaries]\b0  and there were lives that were lived there .\line
983. I knew if I did n't do it \b [ADVP clean]\b0  and \b [NP the right way]\b0  , I 'd never get out of there .\line
984. No one is left \b [ADVP there]\b0  but \b [NP the aged]\b0  .\line
985. How could this be \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [NP people of the great span of God 's time]\b0  ?\line
986. R. Sekaly , \b [ADVP Back]\b0  or \b [NP a Launching Point for Future Vaccine Development]\b0  ?\line
987. I slept \b [ADVP no more than an hour a day]\b0  and \b [NP only fifteen minutes at a time]\b0  , and carried Gloudin 's Hammer everywhere .\line
988. I ' m sure some flyers will be made up and posted \b [ADVP around]\b0  and \b [NP everything else]\b0  .\line
989. and we 're \b [ADVP just two weeks away]\b0  and \b [NP a day from our big trip to the Bahamas]\b0  .\line
990. It had taken years for her to learn that by taking Dari 's parents ' advice and remaining on welfare , she had delayed any chance to build credit , would never be approved for loans , and the idea of buying her own house was \b [ADVP then]\b0  but \b [NP a distant fantasy]\b0  .\line
991. In the face of historical confluences between elements of Ryan 's scheme for economic justice and key programs of the New Deal , increasing acceptance of Catholics into the American cultural mainstream after 1945 , and the apparent compatibility of the Catholic living wage and gender script with middle - class family and work norms during the 1950s and 1960s , it was easy for later-20th - century Catholics good living understood \b [ADVP culturally]\b0  and \b [NP its Catholic counterpart]\b0  .\line
992. like we was up there talking \b [ADVP dirty]\b0  or \b [NP nothing like that]\b0  .\line
993. Increased mortality from lung cancer and Bronchiectasis in young adults following exposure to arsenic in \b [ADVP utero]\b0  and \b [NP early childhood]\b0  .\line
994. \b [ADVP About four years ago]\b0  and \b [NP a couple of years]\b0 \line
995. Naugatuck , a town of 30,000 people located 70 miles northeast of New York City , was \b [ADVP once]\b0  and \b [NP candy manufacturers]\b0  .\line
996. At this , Philo looked \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [NP Paulus]\b0  and put a hand around his daughter 's thin shoulders .\line
997. From a year ago , prices are \b [ADVP up more than US20]\b0  or \b [NP almost 46 per cent]\b0  .\line
998. Boudin Bakery Boudin at the Wharf Exhibits from the museum , housed in a newly constructed building on Fisherman 's Wharf , explain the yeast process , why sourdough is called sourdough and why the bread ca n't be made \b [ADVP anywhere else]\b0  but \b [NP this microclimate]\b0  .\line
999. In any case we are sure that the work was executed according to the instructions and design given to us , we have \b [ADVP here]\b0  but \b [NP the larger design which has been used for the construction of the tabletop]\b0  , and after careful examination we have found that the measures and the work correspond exactly to the order ; therefore there is no error made by us , and we feel quite sure that if there is an error in the work this does not depend from us , but from the original design , that most for the construction of the tabletop which is about 7 or 8 times the original design , the errors that in the original were imperceptible came out in the enlarged one very visible , But for all this we know nothing of and\line
1000. -- Kevin , 24 18 My girlfriend wears headbands because she says they 're \b [ADVP in]\b0  or \b [NP whatever]\b0  .\line
1001. The Labor Department released a weekly unemployment report this morning and the number of new jobless claims last week was three hundred ninety - eight thousand , that is \b [ADVP down twenty - four thousand from the previous week]\b0  and \b [NP the lowest number in four months]\b0  .\line
1002. It 's like when you 're rapt with your chores and hear a voice humming but only later , \b [ADVP an instant later]\b0  or \b [NP an hour]\b0  , recognize your own voice .\line
1003. Now , did you ever have to take evasive action \b [ADVP here]\b0  or \b [NP any of that]\b0  ?\line
1004. I ' m ready to work on , you know , my next project , you know , trying to get my album \b [ADVP out there]\b0  and \b [NP things like that]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADVP+VP\b0\line\line
1005. When the rest of the ships join the fun , the New York Scout Fleet parade is \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  .\line
1006. According to what he 'd been told , Yancey Tune 's daughter was \b [ADVP back in Lafayette]\b0  and \b [VP dancing at the Booty Call]\b0  .\line
1007. But this time , in the springtime these are also animals that must be \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP running right away]\b0  .\line
1008. Just like I would \b [ADVP there]\b0  and \b [VP see what 's going on]\b0  .\line
1009. Tomorrow you will be \b [ADVP back]\b0  and \b [VP arguing that the penalty is a tax]\b0  .\line
1010. The children were \b [ADVP there very generally]\b0  and \b [VP greatly affected with the warnings and counsels that were given them]\b0  , and many exceedingly overcome ; and the room was filled with cries and when they were dismissed , they , almost all of them , went home crying aloud through the streets , to all parts of town .\line
1011. The major Jewish organizations , either \b [ADVP individually]\b0  or \b [VP working through AIPAC the American Israel Public Affairs Committee]\b0  , they go in every week because there 's all kinds of stuff they need -- a missile , a box of bullets , intelligence sharing .\line
1012. when he had 114 town meetings , where he \b [ADVP just stood there]\b0  and \b [VP answered every question available to him]\b0  .\line
1013. My year of reflection was \b [ADVP simply looking back]\b0  and \b [VP saying , ' Hey , did you do good , did you make contributions to your profession ? ']\b0 \line
1014. Really , just to have them \b [ADVP out there]\b0  and \b [VP doing a good job]\b0  , we 're just so happy for him and really happy that this has now gone nationwide and our message has spread to even more people .\line
1015. I screamed , \b [ADVP finally wrenching free]\b0  and \b [VP lurching over to the debris , looking for my weapon]\b0  .\line
1016. Well , there 's a good chance it 's not coming from whatever power plant that 's actually closest to your electric outlet , but probably produced \b [ADVP somewhere else]\b0  and \b [VP distributed over a complicated network to get to you - the famous electric grid]\b0  , even though there are really many loosely interconnected grids .\line
1017. The advantage of an asset sale is that the buyer is not liable for debts incurred under fell in the store and came \b [ADVP back]\b0  and \b [VP sued]\b0  , said Stephen Daniels , an accountant with Daora Zydel ; Holland in San Francisco .\line
1018. You worried about we wo n't have the EU and NATO \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  and , actually , the United Nations \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  again as it used to be .\line
1019. The town , \b [ADVP just west of the Blue Ridge Mountains]\b0  and \b [VP nestled in the foothills of the Appalachians]\b0  , was given its original name , Wolf Hill , by Boone , in 1760 , according to the town 's Web site .\line
1020. After a couple days of getting to know the team \b [ADVP better]\b0  and \b [VP acclimatizing]\b0  , I prepare myself for a 4 a.m. departure .\line
1021. But soon , Erica 's mother is \b [ADVP back home]\b0  and \b [VP sliding again]\b0  , and Erica can be seen walking alone through her town , which is boarded up , abandoned by the coal company .\line
1022. Less than 10 minutes later , we are \b [ADVP back in action]\b0  and \b [VP cresting the hill]\b0  .\line
1023. Just push it \b [ADVP as hard as you can]\b0  and \b [VP just enjoy whatever you 're doing out there]\b0  , and put a smile on people 's faces , because it 's going to make everybody else happy .\line
1024. This is your classic mountain out of a molehill that 's pretty dependent on the dynamic of the campaign we 're \b [ADVP currently]\b0  and \b [VP specifically going to up to the Pennsylvania primary]\b0  .\line
1025. It was \b [ADVP there]\b0  and \b [VP waiting for whatever tests and experiments he felt like inflicting on it]\b0  .\line
1026. He goes , Well , your son was \b [ADVP just online]\b0  and \b [VP saying that he ca nt take it anymore]\b0  , and he s looking for something in the house to hurt himself .\line
1027. She acted You 're \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [VP eating our food ... like always]\b0  .\line
1028. I \b [ADVP along]\b0  and \b [VP told him I was n't going ... and that we should move in together]\b0  .\line
1029. In the blink of an eye , Goodson has his gun \b [ADVP out]\b0  and \b [VP cocked]\b0  .\line
1030. Pontchartrain Park , \b [ADVP north of Gentilly]\b0  and \b [VP bordering the lake that is its namesake]\b0  , was occupied primarily by retirees .\line
1031. Jeanne Price , that being her name , begged from Kelly a forgiveness \b [ADVP gradually]\b0  and \b [VP only grudgingly allowed]\b0  .\line
1032. Emergency responders are going \b [ADVP out]\b0  and \b [VP beginning]\b0  and search and rescue .\line
1033. And so that was one major problem I had \b [ADVP here as an Iranian parent and living here]\b0  and \b [VP trying to help our kids not to feel like they 're being , you know , developed and raised in an unrealistic and hypocritical kind of a way]\b0  .\line
1034. Is this Man of the Mountain \b [ADVP always there]\b0  or \b [VP just Photoshopped for our amusement]\b0  ?\line
1035. His girlfriend , Kate Middleton , is \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [VP attracting plenty of attention]\b0  .\line
1036. It 's just crazily burdensome on states that first they must get the ACA system \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP working]\b0  , and only then be allowed to develop their own alternative .\line
1037. It was Joseph \b [ADVP out]\b0  and \b [VP performing in strip clubs]\b0  .\line
1038. eDefined as a person who does an international shuttle to work or has a US homebase gt ; \b [ADVP 75 miles away]\b0  but \b [VP is not a follow - the - crop worker]\b0  .\line
1039. Today that number is \b [ADVP down to 61 percent]\b0  and \b [VP falling]\b0  .\line
1040. Kurtland had only one question about the incident Why did n't that other kid pits , Larke preps his son , making sure he understands the tough areas of the track before he is \b [ADVP off]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  .\line
1041. Do you think this experience has made you better able to handle conflict as a couple , \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [VP going forward]\b0  ?\line
1042. Jessica was \b [ADVP all the way across the canteen]\b0  and \b [VP cleaning off her tray before anyone said anything]\b0  .\line
1043. Not only could he have some badly needed coffee , he now had two of the restaurant 's systems \b [ADVP up]\b0  and \b [VP running]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADVP+PP\b0\line\line
1044. It also connects to your Mac or Windows computer , \b [ADVP wirelessly]\b0  or \b [PP via cable]\b0  .\line
1045. Vethulf joined the wolfjarl of Nithogsfjoll , grizzled and wiry Grimolfr , in picking his way \b [ADVP silently]\b0  and \b [PP without lights]\b0  to the edge of the trell - harrowed lands .\line
1046. No , he said \b [ADVP again , but softly]\b0  and \b [PP with less conviction]\b0  .\line
1047. He later worked as a correspondent for Reader 's Digest , as a screenwriter and as a freelance writer , publishing \b [ADVP more than a raconteur]\b0  and \b [PP as something of an eccentric]\b0  .\line
1048. My home is yours for as long to the rim and left them at peace so that they could eat \b [ADVP calmly]\b0  and \b [PP in silence]\b0  .\line
1049. That 's why you have well - established authorities who put their names on the spine , but really have nothing to do with the actual writing process , which is all done \b [ADVP in - house]\b0  or \b [PP by hired writers]\b0  .\line
1050. We ' ve selected it carefully , a ground - floor one - bedroom right next to the underground parking garage that we can move things and people \b [ADVP discreetly into]\b0  and \b [PP out of]\b0  .\line
1051. Maybe that was the point of his scribbling - to rid himself of the creature \b [ADVP once]\b0  and \b [PP for all]\b0  .\line
1052. We pulled some people out at the last minute to do some work in Iowa for , obviously , you know , wise reasons , but they 're \b [ADVP back]\b0  and \b [PP on the ground]\b0  .\line
1053. Many prefer to sell \b [ADVP wholesale]\b0  or \b [PP at their own farm stands]\b0  and are unconvinced by the argument that urban markets can translate into high volume and high returns .\line
1054. make more money - \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [PP in the future]\b0  - than content owners who do n't license to Netflix , Netflix executives Reed Hastings and David Wells wrote to shareholders .\line
1055. The hints and clues she needed would not be found by spending all her spare time \b [ADVP alone]\b0  or \b [PP with her family]\b0  .\line
1056. A more comprehensive approach to measurement of coercive pressures on clients may also aid in evaluating treatment outcomes in light of what is more likely a continuum of divergent circumstances than the simple dichotomy examined \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [PP in most earlier studies]\b0  .\line
1057. This article closes with an examination of emerging concepts related to measuring student success in higher education \b [ADVP generally]\b0  and \b [PP at community colleges particularly]\b0  .\line
1058. Serve slices \b [ADVP hot]\b0  or \b [PP at room temperature]\b0  .\line
1059. In several regions , such as \b [ADVP south of the Indonesian island of Java]\b0  or \b [PP in the Coral Sea northeast of Australia]\b0  , P - wave and S - wave images show broad , plumelike features rising from the base of the mantle but extending only halfway to Earth 's surface .\line
1060. We believe , rather , no such thing as truth conceived of as an eternal verity standing \b [ADVP apart from power]\b0  and \b [PP outside the push and pull of human history]\b0  .\line
1061. Guests can stroll among the 60-year - old vines \b [ADVP solo]\b0  or \b [PP with a guide]\b0  and then attend a wine tasting in the bodega .\line
1062. And so I think we should remember that as , \b [ADVP as proportionately]\b0  and \b [PP with a sense of balance]\b0  .\line
1063. You may even want to give the administrator a study packet and quizzes to complete \b [ADVP alone]\b0  or \b [PP with a student]\b0  - or with you\line
1064. We could do it \b [ADVP quickly]\b0  and \b [PP without too many middlemen]\b0  .\line
1065. Dog and owner are happily reunited - \b [ADVP safe]\b0  and \b [PP on dry land]\b0  .\line
1066. Well - being At Wave 1 , living alone and living with a partner showed negative relationships with well - being , whereas the same variables showed positive relationships at Wave 2 and no significant relationships at Wave life course phase - not too young , not too old - when living \b [ADVP independently]\b0  or \b [PP with a partner]\b0  has a favorable effect on well - being .\line
1067. They can work \b [ADVP alone]\b0  or \b [PP in combination]\b0  .\line
1068. Ah , a pianist I see , said Mr. Podgers , an excellent pianist , but \b [ADVP perhaps]\b0  and \b [PP with a great love of animals]\b0  .\line
1069. If you 're using a jake in your set , stake it \b [ADVP 20 to 25 yards away]\b0  and \b [PP at a 45-degree angle from your body]\b0  -- slightly off to your left if you 're a right - handed shooter .\line
1070. They are dealing with the death of Shawntinice Polk \b [ADVP emotionally]\b0  and \b [PP on the court]\b0  .\line
1071. \b [ADVP Once]\b0  and \b [PP for all]\b0  , let her fix your teeth\line
1072. Bridges are a favorite subject of the artist , as are steps or grassy inclines leading \b [ADVP upward]\b0  or \b [PP through a gate]\b0  -- images that are symbols of his religious faith .\line
1073. Students also need to learn to predict that which will happen \b [ADVP next]\b0  or \b [PP in the future of content read in the library book]\b0  .\line
1074. In addition , Syria held several broad military operations against the PKK , acting \b [ADVP both alone]\b0  and \b [PP in cooperation with Turkey]\b0  , imprisoning the militants or surrendering them to Turkey.13\line
1075. Language learning success depends less on materials , techniques and linguistic analyses , and more on what goes on \b [ADVP inside]\b0  and \b [PP between the people in the classroom]\b0  .\line
1076. She accepted \b [ADVP instantly]\b0  but \b [PP without much enthusiasm]\b0  .\line
1077. From there , I practice rhythmic or metric patterns \b [ADVP aurally]\b0  and \b [PP through rhythmic syllables]\b0  .\line
1078. We created mother ever smoked daily by smoked during pregnancy to distinguish between respondents whose mother never smoked \b [ADVP daily]\b0  or \b [PP during pregnancy]\b0  , smoked daily but not during pregnancy , smoked daily and smoked during pregnancy less than 1 pack per day , and smoked daily and smoked during pregnancy 1 or more packs per day .\line
1079. We ' ve focused on building this economy and particularly focused on making sure that lower - income people , folks who do n't have the skill set that has been rewarded a lot in this knowledge economy , have the opportunity to get those basic skills , get those good manufacturing jobs , rise up the ladder and have the opportunity to succeed for themselves and their family , and we 're going to continue that message \b [ADVP here in Michigan]\b0  and \b [PP across this country]\b0  .\line
1080. But in more private moments last week in the hospital , Sergeant Alva acknowledged that he had anger that he directed \b [ADVP inward]\b0  and \b [PP toward the news media that he said were too hard on soldiers and a public that he said did not really understand the costs of war]\b0  . '\line
1081. Or maybe she should just wait a few weeks to clean them after the rain had gone \b [ADVP once]\b0  and \b [PP for all]\b0  .\line
1082. Other areas \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [PP in the West Bank]\b0  have flying checkpoints , as Palestinians have dubbed them - here one day and gone the next .\line
1083. Content is the locus and substance of educational and musical interactions process that is informed by the musical ecology of the community and student interests , the purpose of and rationale for music education , and the needs of students and society for success \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [PP in the future]\b0  .\line
1084. On 21 April 1944 , Mr. Victor Kwong of the Chinese Embassy contacted Mr. Perkins at the State Department , desiring to bring to our attention \b [ADVP informally]\b0  and \b [PP as a possible preliminary to a formal approach the matter of the exclusion of children of Chinese race from white schools in Mississippi]\b0  .\line
1085. Hearing about people from other cultures \b [ADVP third - hand]\b0  and \b [PP from the perspective of dominance and superiority]\b0  is not helpful for the development of world citizenship or for dealing with the complexities of globalization .\line
1086. He a moment , Elizabeth foUows him \b [ADVP out]\b0  and \b [PP down the street]\b0  , finds him leaning against their car , his face in his hands .\line
1087. When we got off the elevator on the patient floor , Paul darted \b [ADVP ahead of us]\b0  and \b [PP into his dad 's hospital room]\b0  -- but he came right back out .\line
1088. Wright created an interactive StoryMaker program , a story board accessible \b [ADVP online]\b0  or \b [PP through smart - phone apps]\b0  .\line
1089. This allows the pests to reproduce \b [ADVP quickly]\b0  and \b [PP in large numbers]\b0  .\line
1090. Any health or dietary information , a family crisis or a certain kind of behavioural issue , they want to know as soon as possible , \b [ADVP verbally]\b0  or \b [PP in a note]\b0  , the first day -- especially if the child has moved from another school .\line
1091. On the other hand , most Indian firms in Africa acquire established businesses , are less vertically integrated , prefer to procure supplies \b [ADVP locally]\b0  or \b [PP from international markets]\b0  , engage in far more sales to private African entities , and encourage the local integration of their workers .\line
1092. Bureaucrats liked posture screening because the examination could be conducted \b [ADVP relatively quickly]\b0  and \b [PP at little cost]\b0  .\line
1093. They wanted neither food nor money , but simply to get \b [ADVP out of the countryside]\b0  and \b [PP into the city]\b0  .\line
1094. Before , when my mother washed the laundry , we 'd take two towels to shower , one for our hair only , and throw them both down the chute , \b [ADVP away]\b0  and \b [PP out of sight]\b0  , not to be regarded again until they were plump and folded and magically restored to the linen closet .\line
1095. Pessimists , and they include high - ranking U.S. diplomats \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [PP in Washington]\b0  , fear Putin 's stranglehold on political thought in Russia and his dominance over the legislature and\line
1096. But the library had been in her care for almost forty years , and no teenager since the Nixon administration had put his or her feet \b [ADVP anywhere]\b0  but \b [PP on the floor , where they belonged]\b0  .\line
1097. Haoyou 's heart quickened with fear and pride at the thought of stepping \b [ADVP out of childhood]\b0  and \b [PP into his father 's saltwater world]\b0  .\line
1098. Economic and social policies are taken as if they had been at a standstill , and the same discourse of reform and liberalization that spread \b [ADVP elsewhere in the Middle East]\b0  and \b [PP in other underdeveloped regions]\b0  is brought to Iraq in a ready made fashion , only twenty years later than most other countries .\line
1099. Indeed , the very purpose of the office was to act as a counterweight to this most recent spell , to get me \b [ADVP dressed]\b0  and \b [PP out of the house]\b0  , to force me to walk on public streets among people , to immerse myself , however anonymously , in the general hum of society ; and in this way , perhaps , sustain the gestures of normal life .\line
1100. Conversely , a U.S. threat to cease backing the Shiites , coupled with a program to arm the Sunnis \b [ADVP overtly]\b0  or \b [PP in a semi - clandestine way]\b0  , would substantially reduce the Shiites ' military prospects .\line
1101. The list of finalists named in December also included several teams who joined forces for the occasion , including Think , led by the New York architects Rafael Vinoly and Frederic Schwartz , which The experiments in collaboration at ground zero reflected a recent movement in the field \b [ADVP away from solo practice]\b0  and \b [PP in the direction of collective endeavor]\b0  .\line
1102. You can take these positions and say these guys are way out of the mainstream or you can look at the polling after weeks of attacks saying that and say Rand Paul is \b [ADVP ahead]\b0  or \b [PP at a dead heat]\b0  .\line
1103. They drove \b [ADVP past]\b0  and \b [PP through the wreckage of a nearly successful campaign]\b0  .\line
1104. The phenomenon fell into place \b [ADVP organically]\b0  and \b [PP with ease]\b0  ; however , getting to this point took Mark Johnson , a recording engineer in Los Angeles , four years of travel over 15 countries .\line
1105. \b [ADVP Even naked]\b0  and \b [PP in a box]\b0  , the Killer of Children terrified the D'Brovniks , who never opened the trap except to feed them .\line
1106. We were traveling \b [ADVP so much]\b0  and \b [PP in so many studios]\b0 \line
1107. Also , red drum , sea trout and flounder will be running \b [ADVP offshore]\b0  or \b [PP in the rivers and creeks]\b0  .\line
1108. By the time the major holiday cooking is over and News Year 's Day rolls around , I want to have a few friends \b [ADVP over]\b0  but \b [PP without a lot of fuss]\b0  .\line
1109. Implementing the 50- Year Land Use Bill will not come \b [ADVP easily]\b0  or \b [PP without serious resistance]\b0  .\line
1110. The hope is that at least one falcon will return , and either attract another bird that was part of the program or a migratory peregrine moving through the area in the spring , and establish a nest \b [ADVP here]\b0  or \b [PP in Harpers Ferry or Shenandoah]\b0  .\line
1111. For this had been a topic of discussion , \b [ADVP at first hypothetically]\b0  and \b [PP of late a grim certainty]\b0  .\line
1112. The people have spoken , and they want a more intimate relationship with their favorite artists , says Stephen Prendergast , general manager of Instant Live , which provides professionally recorded and packaged concert CDs \b [ADVP immediately]\b0  or \b [PP by mail]\b0  , as well as digital downloads .\line
1113. She was \b [ADVP in]\b0  and \b [PP out of]\b0  .\line
1114. The names will not be listed \b [ADVP alphabetically]\b0  or \b [PP in any chronological order]\b0  on the granite memorial .\line
1115. Sometimes , interviewed said that a completely smooth salsa is the modern restaurant standard , \b [ADVP here]\b0  and \b [PP in Mexico]\b0  .\line
1116. PLFs can occur \b [ADVP spontaneously]\b0  or \b [PP as a result of external forces]\b0  .\line
1117. We urge people within 20 to 30 kilometers range to stay \b [ADVP indoors such as their houses]\b0  or \b [PP in their offices]\b0  , considering what could happen to the reactors now .\line
\line\line\b ADVP+ADJP\b0\line\line
1118. It 's very nice \b [ADVP out here]\b0  but \b [ADJP cold]\b0  .\line
1119. -a little melancholy - looking and why not , \b [ADVP so far from home]\b0  and \b [ADJP bereft of a usable language]\b0  .\line
1120. This is generally true of normal adolescents , who move \b [ADVP closer to their peer groups]\b0  and \b [ADJP separate from adult socialization agents and social authorities]\b0  .\line
1121. Ms. Kalleigh would leave home for work at seven , and I 'd be \b [ADVP there]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to observe]\b0  .\line
1122. I am in those very waters \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [ADJP much better equipped than Santiago , who had only a hook and a handline]\b0  .\line
1123. He sat , \b [ADVP alone]\b0  and \b [ADJP apparently stupefied]\b0  , before an oversized TV screen on which two women of improbable physique were silently cavorting in a hot tub .\line
1124. Everything seemed made of cheap - looking synthetic material , surely not the right thing \b [ADVP for]\b0  and \b [ADJP fat and middle aged]\b0  .\line
1125. In the meantime , this heroic icon of youthful beauty and champion of a just cause soars \b [ADVP vibrantly]\b0  and \b [ADJP seemingly unperturbed]\b0  .\line
1126. \b [ADVP All well]\b0  and \b [ADJP good to hear]\b0  , but not so easy to find when traveling in a new country .\line
1127. We always describe them \b [ADVP somehow]\b0  or \b [ADJP other]\b0  as the victims of failed policies , and they should nt be there .\line
1128. Bookcases were stuffed with old leather - bound books , and the fireplace had logs laid in it \b [ADVP crosswise]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready for burning]\b0  .\line
1129. Besides , was n't it plain that the tiny palace , \b [ADVP though]\b0  but \b [ADJP partially visible to the unaided eye]\b0  , revealed itself too readily , without that resistance which was an essential part of aesthetic delight ?\line
1130. In writing whites did \b [ADVP just about as well as Asian Americans]\b0  and \b [ADJP considerably better than African Americans]\b0  , admissions officers at colleges or universities have introduced handicapping measures in order to admit applicants with weaker scores .\line
1131. I have spoken with her mother and sister , and I know that they are in horrible pain \b [ADVP right now]\b0  and \b [ADJP very worried]\b0  and miss their daughter and sister .\line
1132. And Jan and Serg are with us \b [ADVP now]\b0  and \b [ADJP ready to face the WEDDING WEIGHT LOSS CHALLENGE]\b0  .\line
1133. Smart engineering and a 3D net forged manufacturing process make the DH stem \b [ADVP downhill tough]\b0  and \b [ADJP all - mountain light]\b0  .\line
1134. He had nightmares about dying \b [ADVP alone]\b0  and \b [ADJP uncared for]\b0  in a hospital room .\line
1135. Imagine too the clatter of arms , the clang and whistle of cold bronze , the cheers of the avengers , the whiz of javelins in flight mark , the holler and thud of street fighting , the surge of wails and curses , the gush and choking of pain , and much of it muffled by a fire burning \b [ADVP fast]\b0  and \b [ADJP furious enough to sound like a downpour]\b0  .\line
1136. However , greater species richness does not always mean improved biodiversity , as \b [ADVP globally]\b0  or \b [ADJP locally invasive]\b0  species could be responsible for the increased richness .\line
1137. The moon was \b [ADVP already up]\b0  and \b [ADJP bright enough to see that there was a big old willow standing there like a gray old lady completely up inside that tree]\b0 \line
1138. \b [ADVP Not a hundred pages through]\b0  and \b [ADJP dead sick of whales]\b0  , Stone called the writer many things , long - winded being the least of them .\line
1139. \b [ADVP First]\b0  and \b [ADJP most important]\b0  , no child left behind has not been funded completely .\line
1140. In Jeff Rossen 's piece , we saw that they are \b [ADVP out]\b0  and \b [ADJP about a little more than they were]\b0  , being seen in the public more than they were when Michael was alive .\line
1141. Entering Saturday 's home game against Colorado , Neuheisel is \b [ADVP 20 - 27 overall]\b0  and \b [ADJP 12 - 22 in conference at UCLA]\b0  .\line
1142. Recruiting trips to New England were stripped \b [ADVP down]\b0  and \b [ADJP bare - bones]\b0  , less about the weight of the lobster at dinner and more about the way Belichick spoke to them .\line
1143. The Oxford - American Dictionary defi nes okay as satisfactory but \b [ADVP not exceptionally]\b0  or \b [ADJP especially good]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b ADVP+SBAR\b0\line\line
1144. Fishermen like Lara like it because it allows them to harvest their share \b [ADVP whenever]\b0  and \b [SBAR however they see fit]\b0  .\line
1145. The social - rightist version of the Republican Party was defeated \b [ADVP everywhere]\b0  but \b [SBAR where the social rightists thrive the Bible Belt]\b0  .\line
1146. I mean if he ended up winning the Republican vote and \b [ADVP even handily]\b0  and \b [SBAR because there were just enough Independents as it turned out in the end and maybe even some Democrats coming in that]\b0  -- and McCain got enough Republicans , even though a minority of them and wins this primary , I do n't -- that scenario is kaput , do n't you think ?\line
1147. Cover , reduce heat to low , and simmer IO \b [ADVP minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until vegetables are tender]\b0  .\line
1148. Mix the ingredients \b [ADVP thoroughly]\b0  or \b [SBAR until the mixture feels slightly tacky]\b0  , a sign that it is binding together .\line
1149. \b [ADVP As long as this historical trend continues]\b0  and \b [SBAR until such time as the Arab countries begin to rely on a sense of common trust and collective capacity]\b0  , there is little to gain from trying to generalize about their collective development prospects or their common future in general .\line
1150. The place where you eat is \b [ADVP right next to where you shower]\b0  and \b [SBAR where they cook the food]\b0  , if you know what I mean .\line
1151. On Saturday , its operations were running \b [ADVP smoothly]\b0  and \b [SBAR as planned]\b0  , Frontier spokesman Joe Hodas said .\line
1152. I was just wondering , since we ' ve touched on Prince Harry possibly making a career of himself in the army , do we know of , as far as what possibly Prince William will be doing , \b [ADVP as far as career - wise]\b0  or \b [SBAR what]\b0  -- while he 's waiting to be king ?\line
1153. Some Democrats are stunned this sordid tale is emerging \b [ADVP so close to the election]\b0  and \b [SBAR after the party has spent 430,000 to get him re- elected , 180,000 just last week]\b0  .\line
1154. Return pan and broil \b [ADVP 2 minutes longer]\b0  or \b [SBAR until crumbs thigh is pierced with knife]\b0  .\line
1155. Add reserved broth , and cook , stirring \b [ADVP constantly , 2 to 3 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until thickened]\b0  .\line
1156. Add sugar mixture to flour mixture , and cook , whisking \b [ADVP constantly , 1 to 2 minutes]\b0  or \b [SBAR until thickened]\b0  .\line
1157. We do n't know \b [ADVP how far]\b0  or \b [SBAR if he actually did follow Trayvon as it 's been portrayed]\b0  --\line
1158. Sprinkle with c. freshly grated Parmesan cheese , and roast \b [ADVP 5 minutes longer]\b0  or \b [SBAR until cheese melts]\b0  .\line
1159. The river was coming down now after the spring run - off ; in the middle large rocks jutted out and a blue heron stood motionless upon them , then the riffles flowed away \b [ADVP under and fast]\b0  and \b [SBAR where the camp sites and showers for the Appalachian Trail hikers were]\b0  .\line
1160. White House officials said Hu , privately to Obama , expressed the same sentiment about China 's need to do more the statement \b [ADVP publicly]\b0  and \b [SBAR while overseas]\b0  .\line
1161. Consequently , trustee decisionmakers face challenging trade - offs over whether to settle with the responsible parties \b [ADVP quickly]\b0  or \b [SBAR only after delayed impacts have been revealed]\b0  .\line
1162. Well , I do n't know , for some reason , I do n't know \b [ADVP why]\b0  or \b [SBAR how it happened]\b0  , I just -- on this one really strange LSD trip that I took , that there was something wrong with the drug , I got trapped in some level of the mental collective consciousness that was very tawdry and carnival - like in a kind of a cheap , gaudy way .\line
1163. More than half of the Democratic electorate made up their mind \b [ADVP a month ago]\b0  or \b [SBAR even before Hillary Clinton won them by seven points]\b0  .\line
1164. Both times that he asked , once early in the affair and once two years in , Suzanne told Alex that she made love to her husband \b [ADVP only rarely]\b0  and \b [SBAR when unavoidable]\b0  .\line
1165. Pike did n't know how many more were \b [ADVP outside]\b0  or \b [SBAR where they were]\b0  , but he and the girl would not survive if he fought from within the house .\line
1166. Roast \b [ADVP 2 to 2 1/2 hours longer]\b0  or \b [SBAR until internal temperature reaches 165F]\b0  , basting occasionally with pan juices .\line
1167. Ui the pyramids , going outside \b [ADVP reluctantly]\b0  and \b [SBAR only when necessary]\b0  .\line
1168. But in our first story tonight police realized they had no idea whom the victim had seen \b [ADVP last]\b0  or \b [SBAR even when she had vanished]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b SBAR+NP\b0\line\line
1169. Students starting college next year could find them useful , if they understand \b [SBAR how they work]\b0  and \b [NP their limitations]\b0  .\line
1170. The concerns of the poems are located district of exchange between content \b [SBAR that washes up]\b0  and \b [NP context that washes away]\b0  , each exchange momentary , undoing and becoming undone .\line
1171. Cognitive science researchers have sought to understand \b [SBAR how people form these concepts]\b0  and \b [NP the structure and mechanisms that determine categories]\b0  .\line
1172. And when you see the thing like \b [SBAR what Conan and Jay went through]\b0  and \b [NP all of that]\b0 \line
1173. The danger is it creates such a distorted view of \b [SBAR what sex is]\b0  and \b [NP its place in a relationship]\b0  .\line
1174. Our staff zeroed in on Ketchikan , Alaska , \b [SBAR which has ice - free waters in January]\b0  and \b [NP a high school with a wood shop where we could work]\b0  .\line
1175. Since you actually are a member of an administration which has some say on \b [SBAR what becomes of this court]\b0  and \b [NP the composition of this court]\b0  , obviously , I have to ask you\line
1176. Sketchy information \b [SBAR that a ship was on fire]\b0  and \b [NP the fate of the 40 people on board]\b0  was unknown .\line
1177. Knowing whether disengagement and alienation are widespread is important if we are to determine \b [SBAR whether systemic change is needed]\b0  or \b [NP a more localized approach that targets particular students]\b0  .\line
1178. I 'd like to know \b [SBAR what 's being said]\b0  and \b [NP the intention of the prayer that 's being offered]\b0  .\line
1179. Merriam and Brockett , clearly supported that knowing \b [SBAR why adults choose to participate in programs]\b0  and \b [NP the barriers that they must overcome to participate]\b0  , are essential for planning and development of educational programs .\line
1180. Discover \b [SBAR how different animals ' bodies produce the rainbow of hues found in nature]\b0  and \b [NP the varied ways their eyes perceive color]\b0  .\line
1181. For an alternative \b [SBAR that 's less sweet]\b0  and \b [NP a timesaver]\b0  , too , omit the icing and serve cake warmed with a pat of butter .\line
1182. It 's not just listening , it 's making a connection between \b [SBAR what people hear]\b0  and \b [NP the knowledge of the musical tradition that it comes from]\b0  .\line
1183. They referred to a huge body of work that explored things like \b [SBAR how water molecules go down the drain in a bathtub on the equator]\b0  and \b [NP the population sizes of polar bears and seals year by year]\b0  .\line
1184. Fallback positions for determining how many questions should be on a test are \b [SBAR how much time is available for testing]\b0  and \b [NP the level of performance required]\b0  .\line
1185. I think it 's probably around that time she started hatching a plan in her mind of \b [SBAR how she could change custody]\b0  and \b [NP the way to do that]\b0  .\line
1186. They also answer e - mailed questions and take phone calls about \b [SBAR how to cook a turkey]\b0  or \b [NP the environmental impact of the artificial Palm Islands being built in Dubai]\b0  .\line
1187. We talk about \b [SBAR what happened that night]\b0  and \b [NP descriptions]\b0  , about what I saw that night when Elizabeth was kidnapped and who it might have been .\line
1188. You know the heat can wreak havoc on your looks , but how so depends on \b [SBAR where you live]\b0  and \b [NP the type of heat]\b0 \line
1189. Maybe , I do n't know \b [SBAR what she got into]\b0  or \b [NP whatever]\b0  .\line
1190. Fuligni and Eccles studied 1,700 early adolescents in order to understand the links between adolescents ' perceptions of \b [SBAR how they and their parents interacted during early adolescence]\b0  and \b [NP the adolescents ' orientation toward peers and parents]\b0  .\line
1191. Interestingly , what Jay is talking about in terms of his own patterns and those of his friend who had the bump checking , all obsessive - compulsives have \b [SBAR what I call a root obsession]\b0  and \b [NP a series of compulsions that have developed around]\b0  .\line
1192. And so are these interesting dynamics \b [SBAR that happen]\b0  and \b [NP some sense]\b0 \line
1193. One would hope so , absolutely , especially given \b [SBAR what happened over the course of the summer]\b0  and \b [NP the suggestions that there were things going on with A - Rod]\b0  .\line
1194. Well , the U.S. is more in Washington and people here watch the Secretary Powell briefings , but they know \b [SBAR what 's going on]\b0  and \b [NP many U.N .]\b0 \line
1195. social encourage her to smile , say hi , and strike up conversations with kids at the playground by giving her words and phrases to use , like \b [SBAR What 's your name]\b0  and \b [NP role - play with her]\b0  .\line
1196. For \b [SBAR what he is doing]\b0  or \b [NP nothing]\b0  .\line
1197. Success depends on \b [SBAR where it 's mounted]\b0  and \b [NP the aerodynamics of the moving vehicle]\b0  .\line
1198. And it 's specific and critical about \b [SBAR what went on in Iraq]\b0  and \b [NP the U.S. decision to take preemptive action and people viewing it as unnecessary]\b0  .\line
1199. Everyone deserves to hear Donham 's story as to \b [SBAR what happened that night]\b0  and \b [NP her version of where she was]\b0  .\line
1200. You ca n't withhold evidence that tends to show \b [SBAR someone is not guilty]\b0  and \b [NP the attorney general of North Carolina]\b0  when he said the never heard anything like it .\line
1201. At the programmatic level , it has been suggested that school counselors examine the congruence between \b [SBAR how they actually function]\b0  and \b [NP stakeholder demands for counseling programs and services]\b0  .\line
1202. CNN cameras rolled Sunday when some otherwise tough as nails soldiers softened up for a little holiday to be proud of \b [SBAR what you 're doing today]\b0  and \b [NP the statement that you 're making to the whole world about freedom]\b0  .\line
1203. Considering \b [SBAR where Houston is]\b0  and \b [NP the problem it faces]\b0  , it requires a mayor with extraordinary talent in many fields , Lanier said .\line
1204. That brings me so much peace because I do n't have to worry about \b [SBAR what anybody says]\b0  or \b [NP anything like that]\b0  , Burress said .\line
1205. This year 's conference opened with the same set of issues \b [SBAR that the participants left on the table when the meeting in Copenhagen broke up a year ago]\b0  and \b [NP the same flawed document -- the Copenhagen Accord -- before them]\b0  .\line
1206. The advent of primaries has affected \b [SBAR who is nominated]\b0  and \b [NP the influence that the nominee has in selection of the vice presidential nominee]\b0  .\line
1207. The findings may or may not reflect trends found in the larger population of social work graduate students ; further research is needed to examine \b [SBAR how stereotypes influence larger social work populations]\b0  and \b [NP their perceptions of SMI]\b0  .\line
1208. describe as a mismatch between an institution 's desired outcome for such relationships and parents ' experiences and skills , ignoring altogether the parents ' desired re - envisioning , a re - conceptualization on the parts of educators as to \b [SBAR what we really want from parents]\b0  and \b [NP the roles we must play in this new kind of relationship]\b0  .\line
1209. I will never forget \b [SBAR what Tyler Hansbrough did]\b0  and \b [NP the impact he had on the rest of our players]\b0  .\line
1210. It lets us know that there is someone out there willing to represent \b [SBAR what women are really about]\b0  and \b [NP the issues important to them]\b0  .\line
1211. Many of my students in the 1960 's were surprised that my liturgical studies had enabled me to predict \b [SBAR what the council should do]\b0  and \b [NP most of what it did do]\b0  .\line
1212. Editors ' Note To read \b [SBAR how Wobenzym was developed]\b0  and \b [NP the diligent scientists who dedicated years of their lives to Wobenzym research]\b0  , visit www.wobenzym.com\line
1213. You do nt know \b [SBAR what he was wearing]\b0  or \b [NP anything]\b0  ?\line
1214. From \b [SBAR what Bruno told the future]\b0  or \b [NP something from his head]\b0  .\line
1215. \b [SBAR how sorry she is]\b0  and \b [NP a couple of ways in which I might be offed without too much in the way of suffering]\b0  , she says kisses and clicks off the phone .\line
1216. The small - story narrative of the mother - son relationship becomes a device for exploring \b [SBAR what was lost in the transformation]\b0  and \b [NP the harsh effects of rapid , irreversible entry into a global market economy]\b0  .\line
1217. One of the unique things about coach Kubiak is he knows \b [SBAR where everybody went to school]\b0  and \b [NP their stats]\b0  .\line
1218. What I did not know at the time was \b [SBAR how badly our government would mishandle the invasion 's aftermath]\b0  and \b [NP the effort to win the peace]\b0  .\line
1219. What has not been examined are the many facets of the relationship between \b [SBAR how people view themselves]\b0  and \b [NP their desire to use , support for , and comfort with digital technologies]\b0  .\line
1220. I think psychologically , I would help her understand \b [SBAR what a dangerous decision she made]\b0  and \b [NP that]\b0  ...\line
1221. The goal is a top \b [SBAR that is sturdy , windresistant , easy to fold down or remove]\b0  and \b [NP one that does n't look like it belongs on another boat]\b0  .\line
1222. So certainly it has shaped the way \b [SBAR we do things]\b0  and \b [NP the other thing]\b0  , to is the instantaneous feedback .\line
1223. / DALE E. DODSON / Staff ; Graphic THE RULEBOOK College players A player \b [SBAR who enters the draft]\b0  but \b [NP player who enters the draft and is selected]\b0 \line
1224. And they talk about \b [SBAR how it came to be]\b0  and \b [NP its cultural importance]\b0  .\line
1225. Side A basically insures you as a director regardless of \b [SBAR what other directors might have done]\b0  and \b [NP their impact on the rest of the insurance]\b0  .\line
1226. The pieces that we have right now , we ' ve got to see \b [SBAR how we can generate more productivity]\b0  and \b [NP the new guys that come in next year]\b0  , how beneficial they can be for us .\line
1227. Considering \b [SBAR how poorly the protection spell worked]\b0  and \b [NP the fact that Marie is a science teacher]\b0  , the idea of witchcraft holds no weight with her .\line
1228. Here , she gets personal about her life with director Sam Mendes , \b [SBAR why she visited a nutritionist]\b0  and \b [NP the reason she thinks Alexander McQueen is a genius]\b0  //\line
1229. The same month the defective welds were found , a senior consultant gas engineer for PGamp;E and other engineers prepared a separate , long - term plan identifying possible safety risks on a 10-mile section of the line and other branches , including \b [SBAR where the cracks were found]\b0  and \b [NP the spot where the pipe later exploded]\b0  .\line
1230. Richard Sylla , do you want to weigh in on all these kinds of questions , given \b [SBAR what you ve seen from the past]\b0  and \b [NP the role of government in the private sector]\b0  ?\line
1231. This is unfortunate because social workers provide the largest proportion of mental health services in the United States , and their attitudes are likely to affect \b [SBAR how they broker clients ' access to drug treatment]\b0  and \b [NP the quality of supportive services that accompany drug treatment]\b0  .\line
1232. I mean , again , the -- you have in place now the opportunity , with electronic medical records , to -- to get information as to \b [SBAR what prescription this is person is on]\b0  and \b [NP the frequency of the taking of these prescriptions , at least the -- what they 're purchasing]\b0  .\line
1233. I mean , the president , when he 's gone out on the campaign trail , has talked about \b [SBAR how the clock would be turned backward by Republican rule]\b0  and \b [NP the -- the warnings and fear statements being portrayed out happen to the country]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b SBAR+VP\b0\line\line
1234. We found \b [SBAR that erythropoetin use was low]\b0  and \b [VP contributed less than 200 even in the most severe stages of kidney disease]\b0  , suggesting that treatment of this condition may be adding little to our estimates .\line
1235. It country as who pays \b [SBAR what you know what in taxes when he knows it 's intellectually disingenuous]\b0  and \b [VP doing it to stir the pot among the base , which may be unhappy with him for other things he has done]\b0  .\line
1236. After Pfeil was found dead , a former sheriff 's deputy told investigators \b [SBAR that Rogers and Barnard had approached him]\b0  and \b [VP told him he would not be prosecuted if something happened to Pfeil]\b0  , according to court documents .\line
1237. He did nt ask her about Andrew , and she did nt tell him \b [SBAR that Andrew had gone to Washington]\b0  or \b [VP ask him where he himself had been all these months]\b0  .\line
1238. The report from the Government Accountability Office found that officials from most states considered project readiness , including the three - year completion requirement , \b [SBAR when making project selections]\b0  and \b [VP only later identified to what extent these projects fulfilled the economically distressed area requirement]\b0  .\line
1239. In fact , as the great negotiator Kenny Rogers once said , you got to know \b [SBAR when to hold them]\b0  and \b [VP once in a while be prepared to fold them and walk away]\b0  and if the other side senses you ' ve got options and I fold them and walk away\line
1240. Although some of these programs would no doubt be carried out based on their own merits , cap - and - trade systems serve as accelerators for programs \b [SBAR that make sense]\b0  but \b [VP would not otherwise be top priorities]\b0  .\line
1241. He is a high - school \b [SBAR He plays music]\b0  and \b [VP is wonderful , kind and easy to get along with]\b0  .\line
1242. The two Fort Carson soldiers are angry that they took a drug \b [SBAR they apparently did not need]\b0  and \b [VP now are suffering]\b0  .\line
1243. Plainly , the article said , federal prosecutors have no business telling corporate executives \b [SBAR what business judgments to make]\b0  or \b [VP otherwise intruding into business decisions]\b0  .\line
1244. The painted decoration that covers the surface often indicates \b [SBAR where they were made]\b0  and \b [VP occasionally who made them]\b0  .\line
1245. He said \b [SBAR he remembered him having a kinky girlfriend]\b0  and \b [VP did n't think it]\b0  , it was unusual that she was hogtied in the back of the car .\line
1246. Hard to reach groups are those people \b [SBAR who are unable to access routine health care]\b0  and \b [VP include - Minority ethnic groups - People with mental illness or learning disabilities - The elderly and those living in isolation or residential and nursing care homes - The homeless Refugees and asylum seekers]\b0  .\line
1247. As he squirmed through the cramped passage , Martin saw Katerina \b [SBAR what used to be the floor of the compartment]\b0  but \b [VP now , with the vessel lying on its side , formed a wall instead]\b0  .\line
1248. Through Our Enemies ' Eyes , which chronicles the rise of al Qaeda , described to U.S. News \b [SBAR how he perused the NIC draft report]\b0  and \b [VP was shocked to see that Islamic fundamentalism was not listed among the key drivers]\b0  .\line
1249. These days , he begins at 500 AM doing laundry in the kitchen \b [SBAR so the kids have clean clothes]\b0  and \b [VP waging his regular morning warfare with the roaches]\b0  .\line
1250. When he was too busy to come to the phone , she told his mother \b [SBAR that he was full of activities]\b0  and \b [VP carefully did n't specify what type of activities]\b0  .\line
1251. As though his words suddenly release her from the tense , jargon - filled hospital world of worsening symptoms and grim prognoses , Dillard 's face softens , and she shares family stories \b [SBAR how her father met her late mother at MIT]\b0  and \b [VP always said it was love at first sight]\b0  , never failing to mention how incredibly gorgeous she and her red hair were .\line
1252. Rooted to the spot , Roy decides there is nothing \b [SBAR to do]\b0  but \b [VP act like the professional he is]\b0  .\line
1253. The fans of teams \b [SBAR that were winning]\b0  or \b [VP even appeared to be more affected by attractiveness and gravity model variables]\b0  than losing teams ' fans .\line
1254. The traditional emphasis \b [SBAR as found in Aquinas]\b0  and \b [VP made much more explicit in the early work of Lonergan]\b0  concentrates on how the act of understanding grounds a proceeding inner word , and on how understanding and inner word together ground acts of love .\line
1255. After testing the design with success on a five - foot biplane kite , the brothers realized \b [SBAR they were on to something]\b0  and \b [VP needed to find a better place to test their contraptions]\b0  .\line
1256. Subtle incidents included experiences with sales clerks \b [SBAR who assumed the student could not understand the clerk and being called names in the aftermath of 9/11]\b0  and \b [VP treating those who looked Middle Eastern as potential terrorists were reported by some students]\b0  .\line
1257. Those who said that they did not know \b [SBAR how to perform the stretch]\b0  or \b [VP performed it inaccurately]\b0  were taught how to do so correctly using physical guidance and tactile modeling .\line
1258. The values that all of the childcare practitioners carry with them and ultimately teach the children are dif cult \b [SBAR to see]\b0  and \b [VP seem impossible to measure]\b0  .\line
1259. She was trailing \b [SBAR as she took the anchor leg]\b0  and \b [VP could n't catch Libby Trickett on a frantic sprint to the wall]\b0  , with China claiming the bronze .\line
1260. Our favorites Jacquelyn Wigs Pocket Ponytail , made of 100 percent human hair , has a built - in pocket \b [SBAR to be pulled up over your own hair]\b0  or \b [VP can be rolled up into a simple , elegant chignon]\b0  ; and Flawless by Hair U Wear , designed by celebrity stylist Danilo , comes in 20 shades and 10 styles .\line
1261. In the middle of this street the fish shop stood as if it constituted a and discreet that people who had been living in its close vicinity for years , and \b [SBAR who passed it many times during the day , never even noticed it]\b0  and \b [VP bought their fish instead at the supermarket or over the Internet]\b0  .\line
1262. They re behind me \b [SBAR as we speak]\b0  and \b [VP joining me now]\b0  , Flight Commander Captain Michael Flynn , captain ?\line
1263. He wrote somebody \b [SBAR he knew in New York]\b0  and \b [VP Present herself]\b0 \line
1264. For example , this week in a town in Baj out near the Syrian border , a US patrol came under attack , and the commander arrested all of the Iraqi police who were on duty in town that night because he suspected \b [SBAR that they were involved]\b0  or \b [VP knew about the attack]\b0  and did n't provide any warning .\line
\line\line\b SBAR+PP\b0\line\line
1265. Take , for instance , the hype over Comet Benin , \b [SBAR whose passing trajectory is]\b0  and \b [PP as further proof that the end is near]\b0  .\line
1266. He develops a hopeful new vision for Muslims \b [SBAR that is based on affirmations of what is right with Islam]\b0  and \b [PP with the U.S.]\b0 \line
1267. At the end of the Cold War \b [SBAR when the Soviet Union collapsed]\b0  and \b [PP during China 's Red Guard Cultural Revolution]\b0  , there were serious threats to the safety and control over their respective nuclear weapons .\line
1268. But at this juncture , certainly , \b [SBAR when KSM got picked up]\b0  and \b [PP in the months after his capture]\b0  , he faced pretty much everything we could come up with .\line
1269. But something \b [SBAR that 's really trendy]\b0  and \b [PP of the be around next season]\b0  .\line
1270. Jan. 21 , \b [SBAR two months after authorities began investigating the sex videos]\b0  but \b [PP before any arrests]\b0  , he vents his frustrations .\line
1271. And we 'll have to sit down now and work on other ways to try to make sure \b [SBAR that we provide relief]\b0  and \b [PP that this regulatory agency]\b0  .\line
1272. and if she 's innocent then she 's trying to do something \b [SBAR that 's normal]\b0  and \b [PP to her]\b0 \line
1273. But the idea that \b [SBAR what they do n't have]\b0  or \b [PP of a lot of plans for what they 're going to do]\b0  has always struck me as very odd\line
1274. Our motion was filed in the belief that we have a right to know \b [SBAR who had access to the stolen information]\b0  and \b [PP for what purpose]\b0  .\line
1275. The findings also provide further evidence \b [SBAR that the origins of WFDs vary]\b0  and \b [PP of the need for different interventions and careful monitoring of progress during intervention]\b0  .\line
1276. Facebook also handles requests to remove content that is illegal in certain countries , though it does not explain \b [SBAR what it removes]\b0  and \b [PP for what reason]\b0  .\line
1277. And in order to do that , they had to establish \b [SBAR that Laci was murdered]\b0  and \b [PP by doing that with this reclassification , where they were going through all the things this woman]\b0  -- there was no other plausible explanation for her being missing this long .\line
1278. , there is no military commander asking for and other respects like past history , and if the president can do this , well then he can set up commissions \b [SBAR to go to Toledo]\b0  and \b [PP in Toledo]\b0  pick up an alien and not have any trial at all , except before that special commission .\line
1279. People thought \b [SBAR I was out of my mind when I could have stayed at home]\b0  and \b [PP by the passage of time and steady work that I already knew how to do grow into owning my own farm , marrying and having children , raising them as I 'd been raised , having food and money enough and a peaceful Ufe]\b0  .\line
1280. McCain said that \b [SBAR when the unemployment rate was 6.1 percent]\b0  and \b [PP on a day when the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 504 points to close at 10,917]\b0  .\line
1281. Daniele Lantagne , co - chairwoman of Disinfection 2009 , the international water conference in Atlanta , said Filter Pure is proving that ceramic water filters can be made \b [SBAR where they are needed]\b0  and \b [PP at a high quality]\b0  .\line
1282. If you 're on hormonal birth control and your doctor writes you an Rx for any antibiotic , such as tetracycline , use a backup contraceptive \b [SBAR while you take the meds]\b0  and \b [PP for seven days afterward]\b0  .\line
1283. This concept leads to the adoption of the following tools used in statutory spatial planning \b [SBAR in order to control the Arabs]\b0  and \b [PP in decision - making and as members in the planning system and planning staff that prepared the plan]\b0  .\line
1284. I ' m interested in is , what kinds of needs do you see \b [SBAR that are specific to this group that are not now being addressed]\b0  and \b [PP that where you could use some help]\b0  ?\line
1285. Notwithstanding , both researchers and practitioners need to know \b [SBAR how many data points to collect each week]\b0  and \b [PP for how many weeks]\b0  .\line
1286. I would n't suggest sitting here today that we ' ve persuaded the Israelis \b [SBAR that our view is the correct view]\b0  and \b [PP that of the opinion that Iran is a rational actor]\b0  .\line
1287. The labyrinth meditation has three stages , the nun said walking in toward the center is called Purgation , \b [SBAR when you quiet the mind , shedding what you no longer need]\b0  or \b [PP at the center , where you listen for clarity or insight]\b0  .\line
1288. Lock tracks each student 's progress on a spreadsheet and gives every teacher a printout detailing \b [SBAR which kids need help]\b0  and \b [PP in what areas]\b0  .\line
1289. For the mothers in the T group , object substitutions were first observed \b [SBAR when the child was 18 months]\b0  and \b [PP for the mothers in the D group somewhat later]\b0  .\line
1290. Counselors who work with eighth- and ninth - grade students also might want to hold orientation meetings with small groups of students \b [SBAR before they leave middle school]\b0  and \b [PP during the beginning of their ninth - grade year]\b0  .\line
1291. It took a long time for me , learning \b [SBAR what it means to be white]\b0  and \b [PP about white privilege]\b0  .\line
1292. My girlfriend told me that I had 60 minutes to use \b [SBAR whenever I wanted]\b0  and \b [PP for whatever I wanted]\b0  .\line
1293. For example , having periodic anonymous reports from students about what is difficult or easy in class and in life , and sharing a summary of this information with the class , can keep instructors and the class informed about each other and give a better sense of \b [SBAR what the students , as a group , want]\b0  and \b [PP of their willingness to do what it takes to accomplish their goals]\b0  .\line
1294. Well , \b [SBAR what to win]\b0  and \b [PP in his candidacy]\b0  has plummeted , especially among Democrats .\line
1295. And I think that the onus is on the physician \b [SBAR to evaluate the condition of the patient]\b0  and \b [PP on the drugs that have been prescribed]\b0  , do you think she was overprescribed ?\line
1296. For example It can do a pretty good job of figuring out who your friends are , where you work , \b [SBAR if you 're having an affair]\b0  and \b [PP with whom]\b0  , what religious practices you have and what you buy .\line
1297. Her apron protected her house dress from flour \b [SBAR as she baked bread]\b0  or \b [PP from spatters when she cooked chicken - things like that]\b0  .\line
1298. Individual mentoring teams consisted of a graduate student or postdoctoral mentor and one or two undergraduate mentees who were supported \b [SBAR as needed by the GS 's]\b0  and \b [PP in conjunction with other GATOR mentoring teams]\b0  .\line
1299. -- there is no clear indication anywhere in the town other than inside the church \b [SBAR that the murder occurred]\b0  or \b [PP of the public outcry it sparked]\b0  .\line
1300. Its not freedom and liberty when you have a monopoly school system that s not modern and does nt allow the kind of service and variety and choice that you d see in terms of people being able to do \b [SBAR what s best for their kids or their grandkids]\b0  and \b [PP on down the list]\b0  .\line
1301. Before I U - turned at the tracks , I passed an off - brand transmission shop , a generic diesel station with a propane - refill cage , and a place called Santo 's Custom Interior \b [SBAR where a Mexican]\b0  and \b [PP at me]\b0  .\line
1302. The church put limits on the use of torture how severe and how often , \b [SBAR when it could be used]\b0  and \b [PP by whom]\b0  .\line
1303. As far as her relearning because of \b [SBAR where the bullet entered the brain]\b0  and \b [PP with the right side being impaired at this point]\b0  , is there anything that can be done through rehabilitation to accelerate her recovery ?\line
1304. More can be understood about \b [SBAR how student - athletes develop ethical standards]\b0  and \b [PP from where those standards come]\b0  .\line
1305. The Journal 's editorial cited an unnamed source in the Multinational Security Training Command in Iraq - the organization responsible for training Iraqi troops - and claimed that I did n't even contact them \b [SBAR while reporting the article]\b0  or \b [PP at anytime during at least the past nine months]\b0  .\line
1306. It relates to a person 's belief about \b [SBAR whether he or she can use that certain behavior to reach the desired outcome]\b0  and \b [PP to a person 's capabilities to organize and execute the courses of action required to produce given attainments]\b0  .\line
1307. Actually , he would have smelled it the same day \b [SBAR the cat pissed]\b0  and \b [PP without having to bend down to it]\b0  .\line
1308. He suggests that educators apply the power and popularity of gaming \b [SBAR when designing classroom activities replace the teacher]\b0  but \b [PP as a tool to spark learning and provide a context for experiences]\b0  .\line
1309. In the hours after that meeting , she called repeatedly , telling Lori \b [SBAR where she was going]\b0  and \b [PP with whom]\b0  .\line
1310. The annual debate over \b [SBAR how much of your money the government should spend]\b0  and \b [PP on what]\b0  , started in earnest with the deliver of the president 's budget to Congress .\line
1311. They set limits for the number \b [SBAR how many appearances they will make]\b0  and \b [PP for how many shots they will demonstrate during coaching clinics]\b0  .\line
1312. Anna thought about the steps constantly as she fell asleep , in her dreams , \b [SBAR when she awoke]\b0  and \b [PP during every spare moment of every day]\b0  .\line
1313. It 's been years since Sudanese in Cairo have been able to get an appointment with the UN High Commission for Refugees , \b [SBAR since few countries are willing to take them]\b0  and \b [PP because of a UN policy that favors a return home]\b0  . '\line
\line\line\b SBAR+ADJP\b0\line\line
1314. RNZFB members in the experimental group scored lower on all three primary dependent measures \b [SBAR than did the contrast group]\b0  and \b [ADJP lower than nonmembers on VFQ and IADL but not on QOL at the pretest]\b0  .\line
1315. Fortified with plankton , key to the reefs ' churned by currents so powerful you feel \b [SBAR as if you 're diving in a washing machine]\b0  and \b [ADJP so dizzying with life that the scene could have been painted by Jackson Pollock]\b0  .\line
1316. We may have comments about \b [SBAR how we are being received]\b0  or \b [ADJP how volatile or nonvolatile]\b0  , but people are out there .\line
1317. Created from \b [SBAR whatever rocks were at hand]\b0  and \b [ADJP as individual as the makers themselves]\b0  , each inuksuk is an original artwork in rock .\line
1318. Money is like that , you 're miserable \b [SBAR if you have it]\b0  and \b [ADJP just as miserable if you do n't]\b0  , so what 's the use ?\line
1319. The real excitement of this is to apply this for medical benefit , to understand what this tells us about \b [SBAR why I am at risk for one disease and you for another]\b0  and \b [ADJP better than just why but how that happens and what we could do about it]\b0  .\line
1320. A relatively young school of philosophical thought is built around the idea that life can be simulated in its entirety , including more - abstract notions such as consciousness , and that in some distant future computers will be able to do everything \b [SBAR humans do]\b0  and \b [ADJP more]\b0  .\line
1321. She hugged and hugged it , deeply aware of \b [SBAR how passionately she loved it]\b0  and \b [ADJP more grateful tiran ever]\b0  .\line
1322. Seeing \b [SBAR that Speaker Dennis Hastert was stalling]\b0  and \b [ADJP unconvinced that DeLay would make the responsible decision himself to step down from his leadership post]\b0  , Flake forced the Hammer 's hand .\line
1323. The effect of Eliot 's subject - verb interruption is precisely to decrease the clarity of the passage , in order that the reader experience a great deal of difficulty following the thought -- not as much difficulty \b [SBAR as would constitute an actual moment of agony]\b0  but \b [ADJP enough for the passage to be disturbingly mimetic]\b0  .\line
1324. What you would hear as you passed your partner on the ground , would be a kind of low humor whistle Just some old hymn tune , like as not -- something \b [SBAR to kill time]\b0  and \b [ADJP not bad enough to make the herd want to get up and run]\b0  .\line
1325. Donnie and Vivian said no , somewhat offended \b [SBAR that the veracity of their family 's story was questioned again]\b0  and \b [ADJP certain that the real Rosa Parks bus was worth more]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b SBAR+ADVP\b0\line\line
1326. Things being \b [SBAR how they are]\b0  and \b [ADVP all]\b0  .\line
1327. I do remember my exact order of movement after hearing the news , \b [SBAR what happened]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0 \line
1328. So - and the same is true when I started looking at it in the case of foot - binding , which is this honor practice in China where they bind the feet of high - status women in order to make them marriageable , \b [SBAR in order to symbolize their fidelity to their husbands]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  .\line
1329. We collected clinical measurements from intervention - group participants at 2 time points \b [SBAR immediately before they moved into the BEH]\b0  and \b [ADVP 1 year later]\b0  .\line
1330. After all , he 'd said the words nonchalantly , as if he just as easily could have been telling me \b [SBAR that the stock market was down]\b0  or \b [ADVP that]\b0  .\line
1331. At one point , she saw herself \b [SBAR as if from afar]\b0  and \b [ADVP damn]\b0  , she looked odd .\line
1332. I ' m telling you \b [SBAR that the organizational structure was not there]\b0  and \b [ADVP that]\b0  ...\line
1333. You 're so happy know that it 's easier to apologize to strangers \b [SBAR than if I had hurt your feelings]\b0  or \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  ?\line
1334. Second , in the post - experimental questionnaire that was completed \b [SBAR immediately after participants made their case decisions]\b0  and \b [ADVP prior to their debriefing]\b0  , participants rated the extent that their pay was based on how accurate they were and how much effort they put into the case decisions .\line
1335. I do n't remember ever myself thinking that \b [SBAR when I was dialing the phone that I was using a calculator]\b0  or \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
1336. According to the Executive Director the aim is to move young people away from thinking \b [SBAR they have to become this]\b0  or \b [ADVP that]\b0  because their parents want them to and to ask themselves what they want to do and also what they want to do in the community .\line
1337. And about seven or eight years ago , at the request of communities all across America - big communities and small communities - we did a very large national survey , trying to measure the level of civic engagement and the number of friends people have and \b [SBAR how they got along with their local government]\b0  and \b [ADVP so on]\b0  , in 40 very different communities , places you ' ve heard of like Los Angeles or Boston or Atlanta or Detroit or Chicago , and places you have n't heard , little rural counties in the South Dakota or up in the Appalachias in West Virginia , or villages in New Hampshire - places all over .\line
1338. Because we ' ve been getting a lot of e - mail this morning about \b [SBAR who might be affected]\b0  and \b [ADVP how far up]\b0  .\line
1339. and \b [SBAR what he was purchasing]\b0  and \b [ADVP so forth]\b0  .\line
1340. And I think part of they are not sick or in need of treatment , and to that extent I think some states are not providing the kind of treatment -- at least to those sex offenders who want it -- \b [SBAR while they are in prison]\b0  and \b [ADVP as soon as they go into the prison system , when there 's good chance of changing those attitudes and behavior patterns that lead to sex offending]\b0  .\line
1341. One potential problem with studies in this area is that the results can easily be seen as reflecting stereotypical ideas about how men and women behave or about \b [SBAR what men dislike in women 's behavior]\b0  and \b [ADVP vice versa]\b0  .\line
1342. Gooding begins life here in the least populated state , sibling - less yet embodying a virtually urban pied ethnicity , Scottish highlands in the family name descending through two generations of dour homesteaders marrying catch \b [SBAR as catch can]\b0  and \b [ADVP late]\b0  , Grandpa Knowles a Basque shepherd girl , Papa J.J. in his turn young Wanda Liu , daughter of the only grandparent Gooding knows , Grandpa Guo , a Cantonese railroad worker who must have dreamed of returning to Canton with and some kind of French , a half - breed , Grandpa terms her .\line
\line\line\b ADJP+ADJP\b0\line\line
1343. The \b [ADJP softly structured]\b0  but \b [ADJP square - shouldered]\b0  , neutral - colored pantsuits with off - white round - necked silk blouses were Jackie 's work staples .\line
1344. He was \b [ADJP very kind]\b0  and \b [ADJP loving]\b0  and very generous , very family - oriented , very married Christian man .\line
1345. It was \b [ADJP seven pages long]\b0  and \b [ADJP typewritten]\b0  , though the typeface did n't match that of the first letter .\line
\line\line\b JJ+JJ\b0\line\line
1346. The northern sea roiled below him , \b [JJ choppy]\b0  and \b [JJ dark]\b0  , the irregular white circles of breaking surf denoting the thousands of uncharted islands that poked through the water 's surface .\line
1347. To help children translate their sounds into \b [JJ invented]\b0  or \b [JJ standard]\b0  musical notation rather than letters , Mrs. Davis would use questions and prompts such as , How many sounds did you make ?\line
1348. It is difficult for us to realize that Newman , now safely beatified , was once the subject of frequent delations to Rome as \b [JJ dangerous]\b0  and \b [JJ untrustworthy]\b0  .\line
1349. We conclude this first probe with a formula that expresses the relationship between \b [JJ general]\b0  or \b [JJ formal]\b0  ecclesiology and congregational studies .\line
1350. They had to by way of \b [JJ American]\b0  and \b [JJ French]\b0  medical teams cut off his right leg from the knee down and cut off his left foot .\line
1351. Superstitions and myths are \b [JJ timeless]\b0  and \b [JJ universal]\b0  , and so are the people who exploit them , whether Holocaust deniers , race supremacists or conspiracy theorists .\line
1352. Further define your seating space with an area rug -- aim for a \b [JJ white]\b0  or \b [JJ taupe]\b0  hue .\line
1353. The light here was \b [JJ bright]\b0  and \b [JJ startling]\b0  , drawing his attention to the west .\line
1354. When a \b [JJ prominent]\b0  but \b [JJ controversial]\b0  figure lives to the age of 98 , we can be sure that members of the press have spent at least a decade considering their characterizations .\line
1355. She had marketed \b [JJ new]\b0  and \b [JJ old]\b0  chips to various consumer groups .\line
1356. Perhaps because of a \b [JJ small]\b0  but \b [JJ steady]\b0  extra level of stress from territorial defense , males , but not females , tend to lose weight over the course of their tenure on a territory , which often lasts five years or more .\line
1357. Otherwise , it 's \b [JJ tough]\b0  and \b [JJ stringy]\b0  .\line
1358. And by the end of the fourth quarter , O'Connor hopes to have engaged a recruiting firm to hire both a chief financial officer and a chief operating officer -- a replacement for myself , quite frankly , someone who has a lot more breadth and depth , O'Connor says , describing the ideal candidate as someone with \b [JJ corporate]\b0  and \b [JJ global]\b0  experience .\line
1359. \b [JJ Legal]\b0  and \b [JJ institutional]\b0  conventions often lag behind public opinion .\line
1360. And \b [JJ slow]\b0  and \b [JJ steady]\b0  really does win the race .\line
1361. Chicago politics is \b [JJ ethnic]\b0  and \b [JJ racial]\b0  , and if you 're going to be successful , you have to build coalitions and make accommodation among all the interests , says Kent Redfield , a political scientist at University of Illinois , Springfield .\line
1362. A \b [JJ rustic]\b0  and \b [JJ charming]\b0  old road - house with 20 rooms ; serves three daily meals .\line
1363. In generations past , when \b [JJ white]\b0  or \b [JJ black]\b0  married an American Indians , their children became half - breeds , as though less than whole .\line
1364. The second category of people who made friends with Harry almost instantaneously were \b [JJ Italian]\b0  and \b [JJ French]\b0  young women .\line
1365. These results are parallel with the findings of Pourafkari , Mobini showing that mother 's psychopathology has an effect on \b [JJ exiting]\b0  and \b [JJ behavioral]\b0  occurrence in children and adolescents .\line
1366. Other obstacles the lack of Palestinian unity and the collapse of Palestinian \b [JJ political]\b0  and \b [JJ economic]\b0  institutions .\line
1367. The baby was \b [JJ healthy]\b0  and \b [JJ whole]\b0  , was she not ?\line
1368. They preached social values , but made fewer investments in Companies such as ExxonMobil , she says , face lawsuits and a public backlash when they fall short on \b [JJ environmental]\b0  and \b [JJ social]\b0  issues .\line
1369. That 's an \b [JJ old]\b0  and \b [JJ tired]\b0  question - so old and so tired\line
\line\line\b JJR+JJR\b0\line\line
1370. Since it first appeared in southern China in 1997 , the virus has mutated , becoming \b [JJR heartier]\b0  and \b [JJR deadlier]\b0  and killing a National Academy of Science 's Institute of Medicine flu report , the current ongoing epidemic of H5N1 avian influenza in Asia is unprecedented in its scale , in its spread , and in the economic losses it has caused .\line
1371. She could still hear the voices , echoing in the distance , becoming \b [JJR louder]\b0  and \b [JJR louder]\b0  that ?\line
\line\line\b NN+NN\b0\line\line
1372. Longitudinal studies are the gold standard in the examination of developmental change ; unfortunately there are few longitudinal studies that focus on normative African American sexual development in \b [NN childhood]\b0  and \b [NN adolescence]\b0  and no studies of African American sexual development across the lifespan per se .\line
1373. Before I turn to the Nayaka case it is crucial to stress that this involves a radical shift of scale that too often is concealed by using the same problematic but commonly used English terms \b [NN society]\b0  and \b [NN culture]\b0  for both Nayaka West .\line
1374. Directions Combine the ingredients in a bowl away from \b [NN heat]\b0  and \b [NN light]\b0  .\line
1375. I am churning with \b [NN anxiety]\b0  and \b [NN nervousness]\b0  , yet it feels exciting this is finally happening to me ....\line
1376. After a bit of \b [NN slap]\b0  and \b [NN tickle]\b0  , as Hart put it , we handed the miscreants over to the Canadians , more or less intact .\line
1377. Its all about \b [NN customization]\b0  and \b [NN personalization]\b0  .\line
1378. Common disordered eating patterns exhibited by female athletes include bulimia , anorexia , \b [NN binging]\b0  or \b [NN purging]\b0  , food restriction , prolonged fasting , diet pill abuse , diuretic abuse , and laxative abuse .\line
1379. But Ezell was unconvinced , and once again other jurors pulled out \b [NN testimony]\b0  and \b [NN evidence]\b0  to try to persuade her , to no avail .\line
1380. But it high , eating \b [NN birch]\b0  and \b [NN aspen]\b0  .\line
1381. Together , we have supported struggling states , such as Haiti , in locking in their transitions to \b [NN democracy]\b0  and \b [NN security]\b0  .\line
1382. 23 Clients are routinely tested for syphilis and other infections , since attendance is assumed to show a desire for \b [NN diagnosis]\b0  and \b [NN care]\b0  .\line
1383. Individuals defend against the experience of shame in several ways and externalizing their shame by directing \b [NN bullying]\b0  or \b [NN violence]\b0  at others , as discussed earlier ; or Co by substituting emotions more tolerable to the self than shame , such as guilt , sadness , depression , or humiliation , and thus directing the distress onto themselves by internalizing , also discussed earlier .\line
1384. These broad and vague ideas limit students ' ability to understand energy transformation and conservation during biological conversion processes such as \b [NN respiration]\b0  and \b [NN photosynthesis]\b0  .\line
1385. One holds that it 's a bastardization of the name Possum Mountain because the words for \b [NN opossum]\b0  and \b [NN hog]\b0  were the same in the local Native American dialect .\line
1386. The few dissenters among the committee admitted that their objection was not based on concerns about \b [NN safety]\b0  or \b [NN efficacy]\b0  , but rather about the effects of OTC availability of EC on the sexual behavior of research demonstrating that OTC availability of EC does not cause an increase in sexual behavior in adolescents , this concern was used by the FDA administrator to reject the application for its approval .\line
1387. Use potting soil with a mixture of \b [NN vermiculite]\b0  and \b [NN sand]\b0  for drainage .\line
1388. And so Orange County has Santa Ana , whose residents allow the rest of the county to bask in \b [NN fame]\b0  and \b [NN luxury]\b0  , even as these Santa Anans struggle towards the American dream .\line
\line\line\b NN+NNS\b0\line\line
1389. Newer stores have abandoned the old decor - tile flooring and plexiglass walls - for \b [NN carpeting]\b0  and \b [NNS desks]\b0  that give the stores a more professional feel .\line
1390. It 's right off the freeway , the crack - and - ho section of town a gentleman , buys \b [NN coffee]\b0  and \b [NNS cigarettes]\b0  .\line
1391. Thirty - four percent reported that at least one other family member regularly used \b [NN alcohol]\b0  or \b [NNS drugs]\b0  , and 66 reported minimal or no use of \b [NN alcohol]\b0  or \b [NNS drugs]\b0  by other family members .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NNP\b0\line\line
1392. The model was developed , refined , and field - tested in school districts in \b [NNP Florida]\b0  and \b [NNP Colorado]\b0  , and data from the model 's initial evaluation were published in 2009 .\line
1393. We will continue to follow late - breaking developments from \b [NNP Aruba]\b0  and \b [NNP Amsterdam]\b0  in the days that follow .\line
1394. In \b [NNP September]\b0  and \b [NNP October]\b0  , his army pummeled the Confederates in two major and several minor battles .\line
1395. GRAND EUROPEAN TOUR Viking 's most popular trip , this 15-day cruise between \b [NNP Amsterdam]\b0  and \b [NNP Budapest]\b0  starts at 3,162 a person next year .\line
1396. Two upcoming priorities were also anticipated , subject to changes on the ground \b [NNP Somalia]\b0  and \b [NNP Zimbabwe]\b0  .\line
1397. U.S. Agency for International Development to help create economic policies and taxation systems in post - conflict countries like \b [NNP Montenegro]\b0  and \b [NNP Kosovo]\b0  .\line
1398. \b [NNP Talley]\b0  and \b [NNP Jones]\b0  fire in unison , pounding Mars with bullets and knocking him into the Talley hears pounding inside the safe room Jennifer and Thomas He fights his way to the security door , which is covered with flames --\line
1399. Deeply dissonant either with the midlife retentivity of Wild Strawberries or the mature festivity of \b [NNP Fanny]\b0  and \b [NNP Alexander]\b0  , Saraband is a work of old age style , very much a reminder of the late works of Ibsen .\line
1400. \b [NNP Allie]\b0  and \b [NNP Gram]\b0  are in the kitchen .\line
1401. \b [NNP Joe]\b0  and \b [NNP Joel]\b0  , an attorney himself in Birmingham , reap the benefits of her efforts and share in the fun of cooking the produce , supplemented with what Bari gets each week from the local farmers ' market .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NNPS\b0\line\line
1402. Like all good Jews who had received visits from \b [NNP God]\b0  or \b [NNPS angels]\b0  before him -- Abraham , Moses -- Joseph does as he is told .\line
\line\line\b NNP+NP\b0\line\line
1403. Wiatt has a penchant for \b [NNP Lanvin]\b0  and \b [NP Louis Vuitton]\b0  ; Tisch opts for Chanel and Michael Kors and covets Gucci 's fall collection .\line
\line\line\b NNPS+NN\b0\line\line
1404. Because beauty and goodness are inseparable from truth , \b [NNPS ethics]\b0  and \b [NN theology]\b0  are not discrete disciplines but complementary discourses on the same subject .\line
\line\line\b NNS+NN\b0\line\line
1405. Give them a circumstance and see how they react to \b [NNS decisions]\b0  and \b [NN uncertainty]\b0  .\line
1406. I had to make a choice because I was running out of \b [NNS macaroni]\b0  and \b [NN cheese]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NNS+NNS\b0\line\line
1407. \b [NNS Blazars]\b0  and \b [NNS quasars]\b0  are intrinsically the same object - a supermassive black hole with a surrounding accretion disk , producing a jet - but seen at different orientation angles with respect to the jet 's axis .\line
1408. \b [NNS Fees]\b0  and \b [NNS permits]\b0  Backcountry permits not required , but fees are for national forest parking and for nights at many backcountry shelters and campsites .\line
1409. circles represent processes , rectangles represent \b [NNS files]\b0  and \b [NNS directories]\b0  , and rounded rectangles represent devices .\line
1410. We had an advisory printed in the Chronicle not long ago on speckled trout , and even though what my company was supplying to \b [NNS restaurants]\b0  and \b [NNS retailers]\b0  was not local product , demand plummeted .\line
1411. A church is comprised of people who are dedicated to practicing through \b [NNS words]\b0  and \b [NNS works]\b0  , senior pastor Sheila Schuller Coleman the daughter of the founder said in a statement .\line
1412. Surveying \b [NNS friends]\b0  or \b [NNS colleagues]\b0  who have hired consultants in your area is a said Mr. Cohen , who wrote The Wall Street Professional 's Survival Guide ' .\line
1413. Differentiation within the region is marked by preparation methods for beef as well as emphases on cornbread and peach cobbler in the south , rhubarb pie in the north , \b [NNS tortillas]\b0  and \b [NNS sopapillas]\b0  in the southwest , and pickles in two separate clusterings .\line
1414. An inextricable link between \b [NNS politics]\b0  and \b [NNS sports]\b0  seems firmly established , perhaps best summed up by George Orwell when he said that sport is war minus the shooting .\line
1415. There were \b [NNS woods]\b0  and \b [NNS irons]\b0  enough for each initiate who bedded in the second dorm .\line
1416. THE LAST WORD \b [NNS Blueberries]\b0  and \b [NNS raspberries]\b0  are ripe in the north and bountiful crops are being reported .\line
1417. As \b [NNS hunters]\b0  and \b [NNS fishermen]\b0  , we face significant criticism from antis .\line
1418. Furthermore , nowhere in the article was there mention of what U.S. Catholics could do to help a greater number of \b [NNS men]\b0  and \b [NNS women]\b0  discern religious life - little information on what organizations exist to promote religious vocations or discussion of best practices at the diocesan level to inspire discernment-\line
1419. Should \b [NNS gays]\b0  and \b [NNS lesbians]\b0  be able to serve openly in the military ?\line
1420. Independently , some teachers already include it in their lesson plans recently a social studies class did a critique of \b [NNS practices]\b0  and \b [NNS policies]\b0  of corporate America .\line
1421. Under current global economic conditions , \b [NNS cities]\b0  and \b [NNS regions]\b0  compete with each other and market themselves to attract and retain capital investments .\line
1422. He installed the boy in Street , Springmound , and warned him against bringing home unwelcome guests like \b [NNS animals]\b0  or \b [NNS plants]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NN\b0\line\line
1423. And my guess is that if you try to get away , Utopia Limited will cut your suit or send out \b [NP tanglefoam]\b0  or \b [NN something]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NP\b0\line\line
1424. But my main point here is that \b [NP this article]\b0  and \b [NP others like it]\b0  will help to keep the pressure on att carriers to stay competitive with one another .\line
1425. The decision to open the doors of NATO and the EU to central and eastern Europe in the 1990s was \b [NP a triumph of statesmanship]\b0  and \b [NP an example of successful crisis prevention]\b0  .\line
1426. For example , \b [NP Siobhan]\b0  and \b [NP her husband]\b0  were both dedicated sniffers and said that injecting heroin was a line - a point of no return - that they would not cross .\line
1427. Athletes ' cognitive appraisal was not influenced by gender ; however , there was a significant interaction between \b [NP gender]\b0  and \b [NP athletic level]\b0  on appraisals .\line
1428. But what does it say about us , what does it say about \b [NP CBS]\b0  or \b [NP their employer]\b0  ,\line
1429. Regarding assessment of SES , it was decided jointly by nutritionists at \b [NP PAHO headquarters]\b0  and \b [NP the on - site collaborators]\b0  not to measure this variable by administering a formal scale because the data were likely to be of questionable accuracy .\line
1430. Here are some examples A priest in Richmond , Virginia appeared in county court on charges of misappropriating as much as 1 million from two parishes he pastured , while supporting \b [NP a secret wife]\b0  and \b [NP three daughters]\b0  in a city 50 miles away .\line
1431. Rachel knew she should get back to her desk , but work here had slowed to a crawl because most of the staff was stUl sheU - shocked by \b [NP the assassination attempt]\b0  and \b [NP the destruction of the White House]\b0  ; people were just sitting at theft desks staring into space , or softly crying , or endlessly chatting to others , trying to make sense of it all .\line
1432. At the same time , EHSB was also working closely with CDC counterparts on the other two sides of the disease triangle -- in \b [NP epidemiology]\b0  and \b [NP laboratory sciences]\b0  -- to incorporate EH needs in budget initiatives concerning foodborne and waterborne illness reduction and prevention .\line
1433. He is the author of \b [NP John Gould Fletcher and Southern Modernism]\b0  and \b [NP two books of poetry]\b0  , and has published in more than twenty - five periodicals , including Prairie Schooner , The Minnesota Review , Beloit Poetry , San Francisco Review of Books , and New York Newsday .\line
1434. The key bases for this association were Temporality Lack of pre - metoclopramide depression or suicidal thoughts , \b [NP Temporality Depression]\b0  and \b [NP suicide]\b0  occurred after the start of info , suicide ideation , Biological Plausibility Metoclopramide has centrally nervous system actions , and is an antagonist of dopamine , Biological Coherence Does not conflict with what is known , The absence of an alternative explanation .\line
1435. It began with the rifle fire from the back of the field mower -- and an upsurge of wind -- and ended with \b [NP a whinny]\b0  and \b [NP a thud]\b0  , and the horse 's gray legs in the air , hooves clutching at the sky , the mound of my aunt , and a silence so big\line
1436. And because it makes \b [NP gay men]\b0  and \b [NP straight women]\b0  around the globe want to marry Colin Firth .\line
1437. This sent Squiers into another round of \b [NP thought]\b0  and \b [NP facial manipulation]\b0  .\line
1438. And we -- the skin should actually be on , like , the tiger or , like , \b [NP the elephant]\b0  or \b [NP something like that]\b0  .\line
1439. Trading With the Enemy is a gossipy , tabloid - esque account of how some of the largest American corporations -- Ford , IT T , ; Standard Oil and General Motors -- continued to conduct business with their German subsidiaries during the war through the offices of \b [NP the Rockefeller - controlled National City Bank]\b0  and \b [NP Chase Manhattan Bank]\b0  .\line
1440. The sudden quiet was worse than the noise I could almost feel something sneaking up on me between \b [NP the screen]\b0  and \b [NP the front door]\b0  .\line
1441. his home state , his attempts to apply the enlibra philosophy in \b [NP the real world]\b0  and \b [NP the agency]\b0 \line
1442. The first morning it 's not \b [NP an affair]\b0  but \b [NP a glowing warmth]\b0  , nobody gets hurt .\line
1443. He went seven innings with \b [NP two earned runs]\b0  and \b [NP seven strikeouts]\b0  .\line
1444. I must confess that I was pretty dazzled by this field of 3-year - olds , and I am always excited to watch as a Derby dream comes true for \b [NP a horse]\b0  and \b [NP his connections]\b0  .\line
1445. All study procedures were reviewed and \b [NP Washington]\b0  and \b [NP the Alaska Area Indian Health Service]\b0  .\line
1446. For the moment , \b [NP Qatar]\b0  and \b [NP Saudi Arabia]\b0  - tentative friends with a long history of competition - seem to be on the same page .\line
1447. And shivers can crop up when we feel any sort of surprise or intense emotion , even in music \b [NP a change in volume]\b0  or \b [NP the moment a singer begins singing]\b0  .\line
1448. In \b [NP Fort Edward]\b0  and \b [NP neighboring Hudson Falls]\b0  , where the Hudson is barely 100 yards wide , GE took over older paper factories right on the river .\line
1449. The 20degreesF rating is not wishful thinking , thanks to plenty of \b [NP 700-fill - power down]\b0  and \b [NP an overstuffed , snug - fitting hood]\b0  , and the Pertex Quantum shell repelled wind and moisture better than most .\line
1450. \b [NP She]\b0  and \b [NP her husband]\b0  lived above the store .\line
1451. Studies of Transcendental Meditation interventions in predominantly African American secondary and middle school students have shown decreased cardiovascular reactivity to stressful stimuli , lower rates of school absenteeism , rule infractions and suspensions , and \b [NP improved emotional regulation]\b0  and \b [NP well - being]\b0  .\line
1452. \b [NP Aziz]\b0  and \b [NP other defense witnesses]\b0  have argued that the killings were justified and they say members of the current Iraqi government have blood on their hands as well .\line
1453. His 2005 - 06 seasons , when he combined for \b [NP 19 interceptions]\b0  and \b [NP 401 interception - return yards]\b0  , were among the best defensive back seasons ever .\line
1454. Now , more tests and surgeries have been ordered in the past couple of years , and \b [NP jobs]\b0  and \b [NP the cost of health care]\b0  are increasing with the rise in services .\line
1455. Third , all data are based on self - reports of \b [NP religious practices]\b0  and \b [NP attitudes]\b0  and drinking frequency ; although such measures are unavailable , it would be optimal to have observational data as well .\line
1456. A total of 3,387 persons returned \b [NP the address]\b0  and \b [NP no available forwarding address]\b0  .\line
1457. You put \b [NP four cups of water]\b0  and \b [NP four fat]\b0  .\line
1458. Like how it was between \b [NP the old man]\b0  and \b [NP your mom]\b0  , not just a slap for her when she got under his skin , but the full , blind fury of his tortured soul .\line
1459. She gazed out at \b [NP the bay]\b0  and \b [NP the bridge]\b0  , tried to let the lilt of the water and the sinewy , muscular cables mold her back into what she used to be .\line
1460. The 10-person crew , plus a number of short - term archaeologists , and 40 summer volunteers , focused on two Roman manors , known as \b [NP the Domus Pompeia Valentina]\b0  and \b [NP the Domus of the Rose Mosaic]\b0  .\line
1461. \b [NP Chef Douglas Keane]\b0  and \b [NP general manager Nick Peyton]\b0  show off The Chronicle\line
1462. Informing \b [NP the public]\b0  and \b [NP the U.S. government]\b0  about world geography has long been a mission of the AGS , and now the Society renews this commitment .\line
1463. The impact of the additional jobs is comparable to Compaq Computer 's hiring spike in the early 1990s when it was a rapidly growing technology company , said Barton Smith , \b [NP professor of economics at the University of Houston]\b0  and \b [NP director of the Institute for Regional Forecasting]\b0  .\line
1464. Pressures from \b [NP governing bodies]\b0  and \b [NP private citizens]\b0  alike have prompted most scientific organizations and SETI research facilities to ourselves away .\line
1465. The query letter should be tailored to \b [NP the publication]\b0  and \b [NP the market the publication serves]\b0  .\line
1466. One of the realities of a life in the arts in this country is that theater directors rarely achieve the renown they 're accorded in \b [NP Europe]\b0  and \b [NP other parts of the world]\b0  ; the path to real celebrity - if that 's what one is after - is movies , and only stage directors who traverse both worlds , like a Mike Nichols or a Julie Taymor , achieve national visibility .\line
1467. Under anti - indecency rules , radio stations and over - the - air television channels are barred from broadcasting references to sexual and excretory functions between \b [NP 6 a.m.]\b0  and \b [NP 10 p.m]\b0  , when children are most inclined to watch .\line
1468. With \b [NP 30,000 active wells]\b0  and \b [NP 30,000 more]\b0  expected in the next few years , Colorado needs a commission with member - experts in public health , local government , wildlife / environment , agriculture , and soil conservation / reclamation .\line
1469. Together they hustled Clyde into the building , a wide single room of unpainted concrete , dappled with lichen and reeking of mildew , empty but for \b [NP lab tables]\b0  and \b [NP a filing cabinet]\b0  , the floors littered with glass and other debris .\line
1470. Additional possible single cases after \b [NP corneal transplant]\b0  or \b [NP keratoplasty]\b0  in Japan , United Kingdom , Brazil and New Zealand was prepared in the United States ; that given in Qatar was prepared in France .\line
1471. But according to Kassem , Hizbullah 's coordination with the Palestinian groups to date has been limited , not because of a lack of desire on \b [NP Iran]\b0  and \b [NP Hizbullah 's]\b0  part to gain a foothold inside the West Bank and Gaza , but because Hizbullah does not trust the Palestinians .\line
1472. I invited \b [NP his family]\b0  and \b [NP all our friends]\b0  .\line
1473. on drops , sets and releases under the watchful eyes of \b [NP coordinator Greg Knapp]\b0  and \b [NP QB coach John DeFilippo]\b0  .\line
1474. Even with the national movement toward \b [NP Obama]\b0  and \b [NP all these new people who came out to vote]\b0  , the fact that McCain still carried it I think speaks volumes about where the Republican Party is .\line
1475. Of course , the transposition of The Supper at Emmaus into a theatrical set does not compromise the religious significance of the subject it transfers it into a magnifying dimension in which the seriousness of the theophany and its mysteries can blend with \b [NP the conviviality of a country inn supper]\b0  or \b [NP the mundanity of a banquet]\b0  .\line
1476. He opened doors with his mild and always elegant gender - bending , putting women in \b [NP pants]\b0  and \b [NP safari looks]\b0  .\line
1477. To hide and move their profits , the men used false names , difficult - to - trace cashier 's checks and Mohamad Harb , who lived in Charlotte , provided the link between \b [NP the cigarette - smuggling operation]\b0  and \b [NP a Hezbollah equipment procurement cell in Canada]\b0  .\line
1478. Because nobody 's throwing money at me to , you know , by \b [NP my father]\b0  and \b [NP my grandfather 's standard]\b0  .\line
1479. But now , except for \b [NP Hugh]\b0  and \b [NP this little intruder]\b0  , everyone was asleep .\line
1480. Security is sometimes overlooked if the PDA is being used without \b [NP an EMR]\b0  and \b [NP intuitional support]\b0  , but it is just as important in a stand - alone PDA if it is being used to record patient information .\line
1481. Like , for a split second Perry can remember \b [NP his name]\b0  and \b [NP a few other pertinent facts]\b0  , and he realizes the miracle of someone like Em agreeing to marry someone like him , even for eleven months .\line
1482. We discovered to our surprise and relief and suspicion that knowledge of the terrain was secondary to a willingness to enter it , and that we could be taught anything necessary to support \b [NP this]\b0  or \b [NP any other cause]\b0  in a relatively short time .\line
1483. With \b [NP the youthful cast]\b0  and \b [NP the modern score]\b0  , many have already begun to compare the show with Rent .\line
1484. Yet , when one examines the few comments Richter actually makes about his and Eggeling 's search for a universal language in \b [NP their scrolls]\b0  and \b [NP abstract films]\b0  , what is interesting is that , to a large extent , he employs secular , materialist , even scientific language , and avoids talk of a language of paradise , magic , and incantatory powers .\line
1485. He 'll listen to the arguments of those who are challenging Roe v. Wade , he will listen to those trying to uphold it , and he will make a decision not based on \b [NP politics]\b0  but \b [NP the rule of law]\b0  .\line
1486. \b [NP Jimmy]\b0  and \b [NP I]\b0  walked out .\line
1487. In \b [NP R.K. Hester]\b0  and \b [NP W.R. Miller]\b0  , Handbook of alcoholism treatment approaches Effective alternatives .\line
1488. 100 PR ; 100 4 language - based Colombian ; \b [NP 88 DR items]\b0  and \b [NP thinking]\b0  from general Hispanic Short Acculturation Community in Scale .\line
1489. The thing that makes this election different is that all of the old assumptions are not mentioned and others - Virginia and \b [NP Colorado]\b0  and \b [NP New Mexico]\b0  and other states that were Bush states , for example , in the past who really want change in the direction of this country and we 're going to compete in all of those states .\line
1490. Does voucher funding affect \b [NP institutional culture]\b0  and \b [NP strategic planning]\b0  ?\line
1491. INBio is an NGO with very strong links to the Costa Rican government and has advised it on many issues related to \b [NP bioprospecting]\b0  and \b [NP biodiversity information]\b0  .\line
1492. Perhaps he wanted photographs of the position of \b [NP shutters]\b0  or \b [NP whatever]\b0  , because to prove a break - in -- or what a break - in means , in the Bahamas anyway , is it implies forced entry .\line
1493. In the woods , a cozy and rustic style that includes \b [NP bright yellow]\b0  and \b [NP fluorescent pink]\b0  ; melting pot , with crushed raspberry , tomato red and petrol blue ; mini paradise , a playful theme with happy colors ; and limited edition , a sophisticated style driven by intense dark tones plus that petrol and a dazzling fuchsia .\line
1494. Personally I have found this to be very fulfilling , says Armstrong , an amiable Californian with \b [NP a mild manner]\b0  and \b [NP a cando presence]\b0  .\line
1495. Moreover , it develops and activates the ability to work for longer periods of time as well as controlling all organs of the body in a way that guarantees the diminishing and prevention of \b [NP aggressive behaviour]\b0  and \b [NP motor hyperactivity]\b0  .\line
1496. \b [NP He]\b0  and \b [NP his stupid friends]\b0  were right on Dusty 's tail .\line
1497. The view of the poor is also crowded with the unpleasant humiliation of being unable to provide for \b [NP themselves]\b0  and \b [NP their families]\b0  , and with the ugly scorn of those who see them as miserable or pitiable freeloaders and failures .\line
1498. Beds and dressers were going , and so were \b [NP books and records]\b0  and \b [NP garden tools]\b0  .\line
1499. Clinton had made \b [NP one major speech]\b0  and \b [NP several other appearances]\b0  earlier that day , and was due in Chicago that night .\line
1500. The congressman figures he can handle \b [NP the voting]\b0  and \b [NP the committee work]\b0  up here in Washington , says Jeff Deist , Paul 's chief of staff .\line
1501. The correlation between \b [NP REARecall]\b0  and \b [NP CMP]\b0  is in the predicted direction .\line
1502. Disease has often functioned both as a significant historical variable and as an occasion for \b [NP unethical and disrespectful medical treatment]\b0  and \b [NP research]\b0  among Native American populations within the United States .\line
1503. What is most striking about the emails is the tone of the conversation , particularly between \b [NP the president]\b0  and \b [NP his wife]\b0  .\line
1504. Organizations like \b [NP the Child Labor Coalition]\b0  and \b [NP the Sustainable Tree Crops Program]\b0  have taken on the most fundamental and necessary task of all farmers how to market their products , what buyers are looking for , how to increase production of higher - quality cocoa , and how to steer clear of middlemen .\line
1505. It had happened often in \b [NP the year]\b0  and \b [NP two months]\b0  since Quinton enrolled in the biophysics program at the University for Advanced Research .\line
1506. I appreciate everybody saying beautiful things about me , but I ' ve heard \b [NP some beautiful voices]\b0  and \b [NP beautiful songs]\b0  , he says .\line
1507. Students in rural communities are good barometers of \b [NP the quality of life]\b0  and \b [NP outcomes]\b0  that may be far removed from the frantic pace of change experienced by their urban counterparts .\line
1508. I 'd brought \b [NP a bag of nuts]\b0  and \b [NP two packets of orange juice]\b0  .\line
1509. The big banks are making big money again , but they wo n't be back to health as long as they have to deal with \b [NP a recession]\b0  and \b [NP customers defaulting on mortgages and credit cards]\b0  .\line
1510. The pie line includes a thick , bakery - style pan , lattice tops , unique flavors such as Razzleberry , and pies that do n't have \b [NP more money]\b0  or \b [NP more personnel]\b0  , Mitzner says .\line
1511. But Flynt Leverett , director of \b [NP the New America Foundation 's Iran Initiative]\b0  and \b [NP the Geopolitics of Energy Institute]\b0  , says the sanctions will not hugely affect Iran 's energy sector because Chinese companies are already filling the void left by Western investors and companies .\line
1512. \b [NP oneallwashpost.com Polling director Jon Cohen]\b0  and \b [NP polling manager Peyton M. Craighill]\b0  contributed to this report .\line
1513. But the board says \b [NP the books]\b0  and \b [NP the speeches]\b0  are an integral part of its mission by raising public awareness and generating contributions .\line
1514. If you find yourself in a situation in which \b [NP you]\b0  and \b [NP your friend]\b0  both want to a coin .\line
1515. We were drinking tea and eating fatiteh , a sweet paste of dates and sesame seeds indigenous to \b [NP Bahrain]\b0  and \b [NP the predominantly Shiite regions of eastern Saudi Arabia]\b0  .\line
1516. \b [NP Mystery meat]\b0  and \b [NP its ilk]\b0  are no longer good enough .\line
1517. Considering my lack of church attendance I did n't feel comfy asking the Holy Mother for help , so I gave Bella \b [NP a weak smile]\b0  and \b [NP a small wave]\b0  .\line
1518. Although adult sawfish eat fish , juveniles use their saws like shovels to excavate \b [NP crabs]\b0  and \b [NP other marine life]\b0  from sediments .\line
1519. CA EDITOR 'S NOTE Use the Kitchen Assistant on Sunset.com to find \b [NP this]\b0  and \b [NP other great recipes]\b0  from our archive .\line
1520. Reference Crossville 26;1547;TOOLONG or 484 - 2110 Euro - Tile www.euro-tile.com or 387 - 6845 GlasTile ; \b [NP Marble Resources www.maestromosaics.com]\b0  or \b [NP 670 - 4400 Interstyle Ceramic]\b0  ; Glass www.interstyle.bc.ca or 421 - 7229 Msup 2 Innovative Concepts http //kaleidoscopetile.com\line
1521. While there have been several studies examining the impact of 9/11 on the general as well as distinct particular , \b [NP residents of New York City]\b0  and \b [NP Arab Americans]\b0  , little has been published concerning the specific influence of September 11 , 2001 on college students .\line
1522. If With regret , I announce the deaths of \b [NP Douglas T. Browne]\b0  and \b [NP Jon D. Price]\b0  .\line
1523. As Role Models Two of the few researchers studying the mathematics performance of Black children have found that a negative relationship apparently exists between \b [NP Black children]\b0  and \b [NP the mathematics education process]\b0  .\line
1524. Professor Lori Marino used MRI scans to map the brains of dolphin species and found that \b [NP the cerebral cortex]\b0  and \b [NP the neocortex of bottlenose dolphins]\b0  are so large that dolphins cognitive capacity is second only to humans .\line
1525. Lapan , Gysbers , and Petroski 's statewide investigation using survey data from Grade 7 students and teachers in 184 Missouri middle schools explored the potential linkages between \b [NP teachers ' ratings of their schools ' comprehensive guidance program activities]\b0  and \b [NP students ' perceptions of various psychosocial and educational success outcomes]\b0  .\line
1526. That does n't help me with \b [NP her]\b0  and \b [NP her lousy teaching]\b0  all semester .\line
1527. Better yet , get a big pipe wrench and clamp it to \b [NP the base of the post floor jack]\b0  or \b [NP just a scissors jack under the head of the wrench]\b0  to lift the posts -- even if they 're anchored in concrete .\line
1528. Watch out for our next star , he 's \b [NP a Super Bowl champion]\b0  and \b [NP a force to be reckoned with , the Green Bay Packers all - time leading receiver , Donald Driver]\b0  .\line
1529. The issues of \b [NP ecology]\b0  and \b [NP respect for nature]\b0  are at the heart of the grassroots critics ' perspective .\line
1530. The ancient Greeks , spreading outward from Iona , established \b [NP fishing villages]\b0  and \b [NP a thriving trade with their neighbors]\b0  .\line
1531. Although in practice the nave is primarily the congregational space of the laity , by the mid - thirteenth century the Franciscan order was dominated by \b [NP highly educated clerics]\b0  and \b [NP masters of theology]\b0  .\line
1532. She made frequent trips to the now - defunct Hechinger 's hardware store on Wisconsin Avenue , in Tenleytown , as she refurbished two rowhouses , \b [NP one in Dupont Circle]\b0  and \b [NP the other in Kalorama]\b0  .\line
1533. scales with endpoints -4 and +4 and 0 between \b [NP homosexuality]\b0  and \b [NP mental illness]\b0  .\line
1534. I 'll admit the half - century gap between \b [NP the day all those people were killed here]\b0  and \b [NP Billy Tuve trying to pawn that diamond for twenty dollars]\b0  is a problem , Leaphorn said .\line
1535. Visual functioning could be optimized using \b [NP optical aids]\b0  and \b [NP adaptive devices]\b0  , but for many participants , their visual function had deteriorated so much that even the use of these devices had proved fruitless .\line
1536. 120 , across from Discover Mills Mall , serves \b [NP an express service route to downtown Atlanta]\b0  and \b [NP local routes to Lawrenceville , the Mall of Georgia and Buford]\b0  .\line
1537. Check out \b [NP these handimals]\b0  and \b [NP some of the secrets to Daniele 's art]\b0  .\line
1538. We tested with Classico Di Napoli Tomato ; \b [NP Basil Pasta Sauce]\b0  and \b [NP both LeGrand Garden Pesto and Buitoni]\b0  Reduced Fat Pesto with Basil .\line
1539. When taken daily during the time of exposure to influenza have also reduced the severity of \b [NP illness]\b0  and \b [NP subsequent complications]\b0  when taken within 48 hours of onset .\line
1540. Fleeing in anything capable of flight , the clan - \b [NP the able]\b0  and \b [NP the infirm]\b0  , the children and the adult and the elderly - raced the oncoming navies .\line
1541. And at many sites , \b [NP rock - cut chamber tombs]\b0  and \b [NP stone - built tholos tombs]\b0  containing stunning gold masks , bronze weapons and armor , and imported gems and pottery create a picture of an impressive elite society .\line
1542. Spectators will enter through large , tented buffer zones between \b [NP the outside elements]\b0  and \b [NP the surface of the ice]\b0  . '\line
1543. In The World Health Report 2007 , the WHO reiterated that an influenza pandemic currently poses the greatest threat to international public health and that the question of a pandemic of influenza from \b [NP this virus H5N1]\b0  or \b [NP another avian influenza virus]\b0  is still a matter of when , not Possible alternatives that would reduce the risks of contact could , for instance , include replacing large industrial units with several smaller - scale production units containing lower densities of animals .\line
1544. Bhutto herself and people around her suggested very strongly after the attacks in October that there was some collusion between \b [NP elements of the security services]\b0  and \b [NP the bombers]\b0  .\line
1545. There was , of course , the awful scandal at Baylor involving the shooting death of \b [NP Patrick Dennehy]\b0  and \b [NP Dave Bliss]\b0  , the coach , being caught on tape telling assistants that they should blame Dennehy when the NCAA came to town , since he was n't around to defend himself .\line
1546. She never left his side , not for \b [NP a day]\b0  or \b [NP a night]\b0  .\line
1547. These Vegas escapes were never planned trips , almost always started in the middle of the night when Merle was at his worst with the messy tragedy of \b [NP legal paperwork]\b0  and \b [NP unpayable bills piled all around him in his office in the back of the feed room]\b0  .\line
1548. negative relationships between watching \b [NP TV]\b0  and \b [NP part - time employment and educat onal achievement]\b0  , but also were consistent with Fuligni and Stevenson 's findings concerning the negative relationships between time spent on TV and part - time working and Taiwanese adolescents ' mathematic achievement .\line
1549. That is on the moderate to low side , according to \b [NP computer experts]\b0  and \b [NP authorities who track such things]\b0  .\line
1550. \b [NP Italian troops in Somalia]\b0  and \b [NP Bulgarian troops in Cambodia]\b0  were accused of sexual abuses .\line
1551. The Kuiper Belt A ring of millions of icy and rocky objects orbiting the sun beyond the orbits of \b [NP Neptune]\b0  and \b [NP Pluto 2006]\b0  From Cape Canaveral , Fla .\line
1552. The blaze is near an area where a wildfire burned \b [NP almost 10 square miles]\b0  and \b [NP 169 homes]\b0  last month .\line
1553. If Vietnam wants to compete on \b [NP a global market]\b0  and \b [NP trade amongst nations]\b0  , it needs to first provide basic human rights for its citizens .\line
1554. Last Romney has been in 22 contested elections , not counting caucuses - \b [NP primaries]\b0  and \b [NP general elections]\b0  .\line
1555. ONLY FIVE YEARS AGO , \b [NP the coal industry]\b0  and \b [NP the Bush administration]\b0  were assuring us that newfangled coal\line
1556. So I ' m -- I hope it 's \b [NP more of tweaking]\b0  and \b [NP a little sense of play]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b NP+NX\b0\line\line
1557. You can either buy \b [NP the brownies]\b0  and \b [NX chocolate sauce]\b0  or make them yourself .\line
1558. The combination of experience and enthusiasm has given the operation the ability to persevere in our most recent recession , despite the difficulties of \b [NP declining sales]\b0  and \b [NX average ticket]\b0  .\line
1559. Just me , searching the Web to gauge how much \b [NP the prewar Lionel trains]\b0  and \b [NX rolling stock]\b0  in the box at my feet might be worth .\line
\line\line\b NX+NX\b0\line\line
1560. A t - test for independent samples was used to compare the \b [NX means]\b0  and \b [NX standard deviation]\b0  of the treatment group 's and the control group 's student , teacher , and parent quantitative data to between the groups .\line
1561. In addition , due to the resonator 's \b [NX finite stretching]\b0  and \b [NX consequent tensioning]\b0  , there is an intrinsic mechanical nonlinearity that is easily observable for modest mechanical amplitudes .\line
1562. In 2003 , YURI SHCHEKOCHIKHIN , a \b [NX journalist]\b0  and \b [NX parliament member]\b0  investigating corruption , was hospitalized with a high fever and severe vomiting .\line
1563. The company already has committed to meeting the program 's stricter 2006 requirements , says Jeff Medanich , McStain 's \b [NX building scientist]\b0  and \b [NX special projects manager]\b0  .\line
1564. It 's interesting , Kyra , because the conventional wisdom is , of course , that Nixon swore the appearance and some \b [NX perspiration]\b0  and \b [NX furtive glance]\b0  of his eyes in that first televised debate caused him problems in the race .\line
\line\line\b PP+PP\b0\line\line
1565. One did not show respect \b [PP by standing]\b0  but \b [PP by sitting]\b0  .\line
1566. If I somehow were stuck going out \b [PP to dinner]\b0  or \b [PP to a cookout]\b0  , I would say and do whatever I needed to keep the food from getting near my mouth .\line
1567. and this book is not intended \b [PP as a prescription or treatment]\b0  but \b [PP as a source of information]\b0  .\line
1568. Big spring snow could send water coursing \b [PP down Culebra Creek]\b0  and \b [PP into her lindero boundaries]\b0  -- headgates controlled by an elected mayordomo steward -- allowing growth of hay for her 16 cows and quenching her apple , plum and cherry trees .\line
1569. That would tell you a little bit about what 's happening \b [PP at the spent fuel pod]\b0  and \b [PP at the reactor]\b0  .\line
1570. And manufacturers like these nurdles because they 're so tiny you can pour them almost like a pour them \b [PP into rail cars]\b0  or \b [PP into tanker trucks]\b0  , and they go from the nurdle manufacturer to other companies that make finished products out of plastic and melt them down ...\line
1571. No one is supposed to get \b [PP into this building]\b0  or \b [PP on to these grounds that is nt invited]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b RB+RB\b0\line\line
1572. She 'd dripped tears on his face , finally screaming , Help \b [RB over]\b0  and \b [RB over]\b0  again until her mother her .\line
1573. for new writers , who must think \b [RB long]\b0  and \b [RB hard]\b0  about their subject matter .\line
1574. A single bolt does it all without alteration and the barrels are \b [RB easily]\b0  and \b [RB quickly]\b0  interchanged with a hex tool .\line
1575. I have written \b [RB back]\b0  and \b [RB forth]\b0  with Rev.\line
1576. Considering that dozens of fantasy films are about to descend upon theaters , a response to the multi - billion - dollar box - office spells cast worldwide by The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the Harry Potter series , the kitschy creature was fated to return \b [RB sooner]\b0  or \b [RB later]\b0  . '\line
\line\line\b RBR+RBR\b0\line\line
1577. Sauer , an opera buff , says living with Tuck keeps me amused , and describes his friend as having boundless energy that , over the years , Tuck has learned \b [RBR more]\b0  and \b [RBR more]\b0  how to channel .\line
1578. The country was fatter than ever , diabetes was becoming epidemic , and people were getting \b [RBR more]\b0  and \b [RBR more]\b0  frustrated and confused .\line
\line\line\b SBAR+SBAR\b0\line\line
1579. Expect to pay roughly 80 to 200 an hour for this service , depending on \b [SBAR how much attention your parents need]\b0  and \b [SBAR where they live]\b0  ; the cost is n't covered by health insurance , Medicare , or Medicaid .\line
1580. Always be aware of \b [SBAR where your hook is]\b0  and \b [SBAR where it 's going once you make a cast]\b0  .\line
1581. Assuming \b [SBAR that there is careful consideration of the issues that we have raised]\b0  and \b [SBAR that cautious , protective , and evidence - based mentoring programs have been developed that offer a reasonable chance of producing some positive change for some young people as they transition from care]\b0  , additional considerations also need attention .\line
1582. It was the idea \b [SBAR that civilization might be able to get along without wolves , good or bad ,]\b0  or \b [SBAR that wolves could be made of titanium and silicon]\b0  .\line
1583. Mommy always said that Andrea could twist Daddy around her little finger , but she did n't say that last month when one of the state troopers told Daddy \b [SBAR he 'd stopped Rob Westerfield to give him a ticket for speeding]\b0  and \b [SBAR that Andrea was with him at the time]\b0  .\line
1584. Participants read that they were to imagine \b [SBAR that the target team 's season was almost over]\b0  and \b [SBAR that the team had just completed a game against a major rival]\b0  .\line
1585. If the FDA agrees with the panel 's recommendation , the agency would have to decide \b [SBAR how Plan B is displayed in stores]\b0  and \b [SBAR whether there should be age restrictions for buying it]\b0  .\line
1586. Critics fear that the Swiss vote could trigger a furious backlash ; far - right politicians in Europe , however , say they are energized by anti - Muslim campaign \b [SBAR that has begun in Switzerland]\b0  and \b [SBAR which might spread elsewhere in Europe]\b0  , Kamel Kebtane , director of the mosque in Lyon , France , told FranceInfo radio .\line
1587. \b [SBAR When he gives me some time to unwind]\b0  or \b [SBAR if we go out on a date]\b0  , I see how charming he is and that he wants to have sex with me because he loves me .\line
1588. // I want to speak for the wilderness idea as something \b [SBAR that has helped form our character]\b0  and \b [SBAR that has certainly shaped our history as a people]\b0  .\line
1589. I still think \b [SBAR that there 's a lot of evidence that points towards him]\b0  and \b [SBAR that he did it]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VB+VB\b0\line\line
1590. Strangely enough , he felt no urge to run , to \b [VB hiss]\b0  and \b [VB spit]\b0  .\line
1591. It is about connecting to culture and about strategically identifying and using specific cultural one culture or historical moment to \b [VB accept]\b0  or \b [VB reject]\b0  .\line
1592. We have encouraged your first steps by making your two neighboring worlds easier to \b [VB reach]\b0  and \b [VB inhabit]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VBD+VBD\b0\line\line
1593. He was teasing , but beyond the sparkles in his eyes was a river of hope , a hope that \b [VBD ebbed]\b0  and \b [VBD flowed]\b0  , but never went away .\line
\line\line\b VBN+VBN\b0\line\line
1594. It was an odd layout , but maybe there was something beneath that could n't be \b [VBN moved]\b0  or \b [VBN altered]\b0  , so the passage simply had to go over it .\line
1595. and it was 1974 , when all the country was \b [VBN bruised]\b0  and \b [VBN battered]\b0  and Californians wanted badly to stand apart from the nation 's mess .\line
1596. Online journaling with blogs and discussion forums using wikis are also \b [VBN taught]\b0  and \b [VBN supported]\b0  .\line
\line\line\b VP+VP\b0\line\line
1597. She \b [VP owns more than 200 CDs]\b0  and \b [VP says she buys new ones all the time]\b0  .\line
1598. Lyndell \b [VP whistled]\b0  and \b [VP shook his head]\b0  .\line
1599. Riders can \b [VP churn up hills]\b0  or \b [VP blast twisty singletrack with ease]\b0  .\line
1600. The order of verbs and prepositions \b [VP was randomized once for each task]\b0  and \b [VP kept consistent across symbol formats and participants]\b0  .\line
1601. The whole cadre \b [VP was waiting for us]\b0  and \b [VP broke into cheers as one by one we crawled up through the hatchway out a particularly unsanitary sewer]\b0  .\line
1602. In a similar but much milder way , those strong feelings might make healthy people \b [VP drop their jaw]\b0  or \b [VP feel weak at the knees]\b0  , Nishino says .\line
1603. Fudge She \b [VP dropped to her knees]\b0  and \b [VP started doing the pat - and - crawl shuffle across the tile floor]\b0  .\line
1604. I \b [VP stepped out]\b0  and \b [VP found myself standing in 3 feet of water]\b0  .\line
1605. I was \b [VP nodding my head]\b0  and \b [VP smiling]\b0  .\line
1606. That 's bullshit , says Stein when we arrive at the D - shaped great house , which once \b [VP stood as high as five stories]\b0  and \b [VP contained up to 600 rooms]\b0  .\line
1607. Top - of - the - line ranges \b [VP start at about 1,500]\b0  and \b [VP can easily jump in price to that of an economy car]\b0  .\line
1608. Community members in six different U.S. metropolitan areas from Boston to Minneapolis \b [VP pray together]\b0  and \b [VP form long - term friendships with elderly people , most of whom live in nursing homes in low - income areas]\b0  .\line
1609. We \b [VP found the world 's naughtiest men]\b0  and \b [VP forced them to spill their secrets]\b0  .\line
1610. Everyone goes to Juilliard and , Johnson says , and I \b [VP stayed right here in Houston]\b0  and \b [VP got some of the best training there is]\b0  .\line
1611. Anticipating the movements of other cars , such as at a four - way stop -- Staying in lane -- \b [VP Changing lanes]\b0  and \b [VP merging with traffic]\b0  --\line
1612. As he flips it open , his eyes \b [VP spot THE LAPTOP on pulls out his SECURITY DVD]\b0  and \b [VP pops it in]\b0  .\line
1613. When I \b [VP woke up]\b0  and \b [VP opened the door]\b0  , it was just smoke .\line
1614. Liam , 12 , and Rene , 14 , \b [VP attend school in Los Angeles]\b0  and \b [VP are praised by their dad for their politeness]\b0  .\line
1615. But I did n't know any better , so I would \b [VP first design a look]\b0  and \b [VP then find the fur to suit it]\b0  .\line
1616. As Floyd grew older he \b [VP ditched the coloring books]\b0  and \b [VP started drawing freehand in those large sketching pads]\b0  .\line
1617. She said , If you really want to scare everyone you 'd \b [VP cut off one of my fingers]\b0  and \b [VP send it to them]\b0  .\line
1618. His father is that stiff person in the faded , sepia photograph , a frame that \b [VP no longer merits a place on the wall]\b0  and \b [VP is put away in storage]\b0  .\line
1619. If , however , the beginning of the echo reaches your ears at the same time as the original sound is ending In the duck 's case , the quack \b [VP begins softly]\b0  and \b [VP ends loudly]\b0  , so the soft early echo is sometimes drowned out by the louder original end sound .\line
1620. They had been encouraged by the council to \b [VP respect my privacy]\b0  and \b [VP leave]\b0  .\line
1621. As a young teenager , he would \b [VP visit his maternal grandfather]\b0  and \b [VP spend time deer hunting like good old boys]\b0  .\line
1622. No one could \b [VP hurt you there]\b0  or \b [VP tear you into pieces]\b0  .\line
1623. Henry \b [VP opened the reservations book]\b0  and \b [VP ran his finger down the list of private kids ' parties Al 's Diner had hosted over the past few months]\b0  .\line
1624. To move bags from one plane to another , Southwest typically had assigned a tug driver to \b [VP pick up all transferring bags from an inbound flight]\b0  and \b [VP distribute them to multiple outbound flights]\b0  .\line
1625. For all the elbowing that 's gone on , for all the machinations of the states to \b [VP go up]\b0  and \b [VP be first]\b0  , or be second or third , or be relevant , really , whoever wins Iowa is going to get a huge bump .\line
1626. It was 920 as Mazelli \b [VP parked his small wife 's feet on his shoulders]\b0  and \b [VP levered her hips off the bed]\b0  .\line
1627. And if you have questions about new technologies you ' ve \b [VP encountered]\b0  or \b [VP heard about]\b0  , we want to hear from you , too .\line
1628. The security guard \b [VP jotted down the woman 's tag number]\b0  and \b [VP gave that information to the Snellville police]\b0  .\line
1629. On the way to cash in , I \b [VP dropped a quarter in a Wild Cherry slot machine]\b0  and \b [VP raked in 6.25]\b0  .\line
1630. When it was over , he \b [VP hugged his family]\b0  and \b [VP wiped away tears]\b0  .\line
1631. She \b [VP takes her hand from his face]\b0  and \b [VP sits back , looking at him]\b0  .\line
1632. I \b [VP have two BIG resolutions for 2012 Laugh more]\b0  and \b [VP have more fun with my family]\b0  .\line
1633. The neutral observer -- \b [VP accepted by Glaser and Strauss]\b0  and \b [VP supported by Glaser in his recent publications]\b0  -- has been debated .\line
1634. Beside the branch , in a hut of discarded signs and tar paper , lived Old Mary , who came to Slick Warren 's grocery store to \b [VP scavenge unsold vegetables]\b0  and \b [VP carry them home in her sack]\b0  .\line
1635. He glared at me for a long moment , then \b [VP stood up]\b0  and \b [VP looked around]\b0  .\line
1636. Around that time , the low - orbiting satellite Jason I was \b [VP flying northeastward]\b0  and \b [VP fortuitously measured a narrow profile of the tsunami wave]\b0  .\line
1637. He did as Manuel instructed and waited another six weeks before he had a full transplant of hair , not gray , but dark brown , \b [VP combed back from his forehead]\b0  and \b [VP cut into a shorter style]\b0  .\line
1638. Damali \b [VP shrugged]\b0  and \b [VP looked down at the necklace in her fist]\b0  .\line
1639. Today were just trying to \b [VP go back]\b0  and \b [VP put some more pieces together]\b0  .\line
1640. House - Senate conference reports , for example , are supposed to be \b [VP published in the Congressional Record]\b0  and \b [VP then held for at least three days before a vote]\b0  .\line
1641. Sidebar Critics worry that it will only be a matter of time before a synthetic life form \b [VP is released]\b0  and \b [VP runs amok]\b0  or a disaster at a nanotechnology plant creates a major health crisis .\line
1642. Joey \b [VP ran to his room]\b0  and \b [VP quickly put on his good pants and shirt]\b0  .\line
1643. I \b [VP lined up interviews]\b0  and \b [VP took a programming job at a company in PaIo Alto]\b0  .\line
1644. If they want to \b [VP play lacrosse]\b0  and \b [VP work hard in school]\b0  , it does n't really matter where they 're from .\line
1645. We \b [VP discuss the genesis of and impetus for the study]\b0  and \b [VP then describe its various facets , including accomplishments , challenges , and unanticipated consequences]\b0  .\line
1646. The car that \b [VP ran a red light]\b0  and \b [VP broadsided Hannah]\b0  .\line
1647. Then his eyes widen in shock , because He sees his ex - wife Ruth \b [VP emerge from the church]\b0  and \b [VP console Ethan and Grace]\b0  .\line
1648. Under this method , radioactive fuel \b [VP is removed from the reactor and the spent fuel storage pool]\b0  and \b [VP is stored in dry casks on plant property]\b0  .\line
1649. In 1979 , he left the Middlesex County District Attorney 's office to \b [VP start his own law practice]\b0  and \b [VP work as a public affairs commentator on a weekly local television program]\b0  .\line
1650. These musings take her through the LIVING ROOM to the entrance of the HALLWAY where she \b [VP pauses]\b0  and \b [VP looks both ways]\b0  .\line
1651. -- Chika Unigwe \b [VP is from Enugu , Nigeria ,]\b0  and \b [VP now lives in Belgium]\b0  .\line
1652. He said \b [VP Come]\b0  and \b [VP have lunch]\b0  .\line
1653. Perhaps , I \b [VP panicked]\b0  and \b [VP wanted to find someone else to take care of me]\b0  .\line
1654. He \b [VP started the car]\b0  and \b [VP pulled onto the road , heading for his parents ' place in Key Allegro to drop off some legal papers]\b0  .\line
1655. RUDY , FAIRPORT , NY Taking a long , leisurely drive by myself gives me time to think , chill out , whatever I get to \b [VP listen to anything I want on the radio]\b0  and \b [VP just let the stress go]\b0  .\line
1656. \b [VP Experience the very latest advances]\b0  and \b [VP get the most FEA for your budget]\b0  .\line
1657. I \b [VP dragged my eyes away from the inverted layering - short on the inside , long on the outside , each layer a different color -]\b0  and \b [VP by dint of extreme effort managed to make eye contact and hold it for at least ten seconds]\b0  .\line
1658. The family \b [VP discovered Comox while on vacation]\b0  and \b [VP did much of their research online]\b0  .\line
1659. The apprentice moved aside and let Quinn enter , then \b [VP leaned out]\b0  and \b [VP pulled the door shut]\b0  .\line
1660. Japan 's over-65 population \b [VP made up 17 of the total in 2000]\b0  and \b [VP is projected to rise to 22 in 2010 and nearly 37 in 2050]\b0  .\line
1661. Consistency of the student - observer pairing \b [VP was not possible throughout the study]\b0  but \b [VP was maintained when possible]\b0  .\line
1662. He trotted up from A Ring , wearing only a loincloth and his stickums , \b [VP panting like a dog]\b0  and \b [VP sweating rivers]\b0  .\line
1663. To be certain , I \b [VP drew her skirts up]\b0  and \b [VP examined her womanhood]\b0  .\line
1664. The Reggie icon blipped away for no more than a fraction of an eyeblink , as if needing to \b [VP disappear]\b0  and \b [VP retrieve the information Doc was requesting]\b0  .\line
1665. Maintained by the National Park Service , the 444-mile road \b [VP angles diagonally across Mississippi]\b0  and \b [VP cuts through northwestern Alabama before cresting the Tennessee Valley Divide and dropping into Nashville 's Cumberland Valley]\b0  .\line
1666. And now the game where we invite on people who \b [VP did one thing brilliantly]\b0  and \b [VP ask them to do something else entirely]\b0  .\line
1667. Her family had Whigs in power , controlling all of the court appointments , Lilly \b [VP had been unable to achieve her fondest wish]\b0  and \b [VP had finally given it up]\b0  .\line
1668. Titans James Hardy Wide receiver , Indiana Tennessee coach Jeff Fisher finally \b [VP rid himself of Pacman Jones]\b0  and \b [VP now can address the need for a receiver and return man by picking Hardy , a physical receiver with great size 6 - 2 , 217 pounds]\b0  .\line
1669. Neil Armstrong said , I \b [VP put up my thumb]\b0  and \b [VP shut one eye]\b0  , and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth .\line
1670. He \b [VP picked up his work pack]\b0  and \b [VP walked over to her]\b0  .\line
1671. But the stranger 's eyes \b [VP swept past the others]\b0  and \b [VP came annoyance]\b0  , she realized her face was burning .\line
1672. Kouros \b [VP waved to Andreas]\b0  and \b [VP pointed at one of the cops]\b0  .\line
1673. We \b [VP passed my garden path]\b0  and \b [VP did n't walk onto it]\b0  .\line
1674. Israeli officials \b [VP have not uninvited Mr. Bildt]\b0  but \b [VP are asking that he distance himself from the article if not condemn it]\b0  .\line
1675. Villanueva \b [VP turned]\b0  and \b [VP walked away]\b0  .\line
1676. Students \b [VP perceive this as instructors hiding their intellectual candle under the proverbial bushel]\b0  and \b [VP view this with misgivings]\b0  .\line
1677. A mezuzah rested comfortably in the cradle of her throat , catching a shaft of sunlight and spraying it around as she \b [VP shifted her body]\b0  and \b [VP tried to get comfortable]\b0  ; her hair was still wet from the shower .\line
1678. Stephen Gordon insists he \b [VP was duped by Paul]\b0  and \b [VP has appealed his conviction]\b0  .\line
1679. Or \b [VP give the kids a big snack]\b0  and \b [VP push dinner back to about 7]\b0  , which gives you a little more time to get dinner ready .\line
1680. Moral Bands stayed together for a few months , then they 'd \b [VP run out of bookings]\b0  and \b [VP break up]\b0  .\line
1681. They do nt have the confidence to \b [VP buy more equipment]\b0  or \b [VP build a new factory]\b0  .\line
1682. We \b [VP used FIA estimates of forest carbon storage for 26 - 30-year - old forest plots in each state]\b0  and \b [VP divided the total biomass by the median age of the forest to provide an estimate of mean annual sequestration]\b0  .\line
1683. Also , while you 're playing , you can hit the odd tom - tom without having to \b [VP cross over]\b0  or \b [VP do anything awkward]\b0  .\line
1684. We spent a lot of time so far tonight talking about the comments of Barack Obama , that he said about our troops that they are \b [VP air- raiding villages]\b0  and \b [VP killing civilians]\b0  .\line
1685. Henry is not sickhe \b [VP eats whatever food remains]\b0  and \b [VP dines again with the sailors]\b0  .\line
1686. She returns it by \b [VP holding up the keys]\b0  and \b [VP dangling them]\b0  .\line
1687. It \b [VP has assets of 15.5 million]\b0  and \b [VP focuses on helping children , the arts and education]\b0  .\line
1688. The three had logged many hours in middle school , \b [VP getting weeklong passes in the summer]\b0  and \b [VP participating in the occasional midnight to noon tournaments , during which they played nonstop except for bathroom and pizza breaks]\b0  .\line
1689. My father \b [VP was 47 in 1944]\b0  and \b [VP did not carve another bird once he was released from camp in 1945]\b0  , but he did construct a glass case to house the birds five or six years later .\line
1690. A handful of staffers were assigned to \b [VP track every statement issued by Luminant -- both in the press and on the web site the company had set up to fight the rule --]\b0  and \b [VP issue a point - by - point response]\b0  .\line
1691. He \b [VP glanced at her]\b0  and \b [VP snapped the fan off]\b0  .\line
1692. We conclude with an appeal for recognizing the distinctions between conflict over water and the equally strong story for cooperation as a means to \b [VP capture opportunities]\b0  and \b [VP address threats at all levels]\b0  .\line
1693. This Is \b [VP takes ordinary kids - Daniel Cook or Emily Yeung -]\b0  and \b [VP has them visit different professionals]\b0  .\line
1694. She thought maybe she could \b [VP distract him]\b0  and \b [VP soothe him alternately]\b0  .\line
1695. If they \b [VP do the things they know they can do]\b0  and \b [VP really play as a team]\b0  , it will be a match .\line
1696. She did n't \b [VP cover herself]\b0  or \b [VP jump off the washer]\b0  .\line
1697. And then when our mujahedeen take revenge on the unit which \b [VP committed this outrage]\b0  and \b [VP capture and execute two of its members]\b0  , they 're called terrorists .\line
1698. Furthermore , he asserts that the technology and developmental processes \b [VP currently exist]\b0  but \b [VP depend on the availability of monies]\b0  .\line
1699. The fighters \b [VP smoke]\b0  and \b [VP stay silent]\b0  .\line
1700. Better yet , have students \b [VP help develop the rules of behavior]\b0  and \b [VP assist in policing their own policies]\b0  .\line
1701. Generally speaking , districts are well advised \b [VP to learn as much as possible about mid - career changers]\b0  and \b [VP to use such information in making decisions about whose training to support]\b0  .\line
1702. With respect to the male students , female teachers behaved less aggressively but they \b [VP favoured female students]\b0  and \b [VP spoke fast in teaching process]\b0  .\line
1703. I just need to \b [VP go waste some space for a couple of weeks]\b0  and \b [VP figure out where I ' m going to play next]\b0  .\line
1704. Even in pardoning the woman taken in adultery , Jesus adds the proviso \b [VP Go]\b0  and \b [VP sin no more]\b0  .\line
1705. -- Later on May 27 , Wardens Michael McCall and Brent Satsky and Captain Michael Morse \b [VP were patrolling Canyon Lake]\b0  and \b [VP responded to reports of a fight at one of the reservoir 's more congested boat ramps]\b0  .\line
1706. Another bad idea , I realize , as Joan \b [VP floats up behind me]\b0  and \b [VP rests a soft professional hand on my shoulder]\b0  .\line
1707. The time has come to reverse direction by \b [VP returning to public conversions]\b0  and \b [VP doing all the other things that encourage conversion in our synagogues]\b0  , he said .\line
1708. Abe stood on the station porch and squinted under his too - large hat ; his beard \b [VP caught the afternoon light]\b0  and \b [VP burnt a coppery red]\b0  .\line
1709. Eventually he \b [VP simply stopped greeting them on the street]\b0  and \b [VP instead retreated quickly into the house after his brief forays outside to fetch the mail or shovel the drive]\b0  .\line
1710. The new strategy is risky , but all eyes are on Lack as he tries to revive a company that \b [VP includes two of music 's oldest labels , Columbia and RCA ,]\b0  and \b [VP has a broad list of stars that includes Bruce Springsteen , The Dixie Chicks , Usher , Bob Dylan , Beyonce Knowles , Avril Lavigne , Alicia Keys , Shakira , James Taylor and Yo - Yo Ma]\b0  .\line
1711. That 's how they \b [VP do ground organizing]\b0  and \b [VP reach into places parties and candidates ca n't get into]\b0  , explains Robert Richman , the ACT director in Minnesota .\line
}